Peter Parker: Whatever life holds in store for me, I will never forget these words:  "With great power comes great responsibility." This is my gift, my curse. Who am I? I'm Spider-man.
Uncle Ben: Remember, with great power comes great responsibility.
Wrestling Promoter: You coulda taken that guy apart! Now he's gonna get away with *my* money! 
Peter Parker: I missed the part where that's my problem.
Peter Parker: You don't trust anyone, that's your problem. 
J. Jonah Jameson: I trust my barber.
Spider-Man: Go web! Fly! Up, up, and away web! Shazaam! Go! Go! Go web go! Tally ho.
Mary Jane: Has he mentioned me? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. 
Mary Jane: What'd he say? 
Peter Parker: Uh... I said... he asked me what I thought about you. 
Mary Jane: And what did you say? 
Peter Parker: I said... uh... Spider-Man, I said uh... The great thing about MJ is... when you look in her eyes and she's looking back in yours... everything... feels... not quite normal. Because you feel stronger and weaker at the same time. You feel excited and at the same time, terrified. The truth is... you don't know what you feel except you know what kind of man you want to be. It's as if you've reached the unreachable and you weren't ready for it." 
Mary Jane: You said that? 
Peter Parker: Well, something like that. 
Peter Parker: Hi...
Green Goblin: The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the water spout. Down came the Goblin and took the spider out.
Norman Osborn: Sorry I'm late. Work was murder.
Peter Parker: Not everyone is meant to make a difference. But for me, the choice to lead an ordinary life is no longer an option.
Green Goblin: Wake up little spider, no you're not dead yet just paralysed. You're an amazing creature, Spider-Man. You and I are not so different. 
Spider-Man: I'm not like you. You're a murderer. 
Green Goblin: Well, to each his own. I chose my path, you chose the way of the hero. And they found you amusing for a while, the people of this city. But the one thing they love more than a hero is to see a hero fail, fall, die trying. In spite of everything you've done for them, eventually they will hate you. Why bother? 
Spider-Man: Because it's right. 
Green Goblin: Here's the real truth. There are eight million people in this city. And those teeming masses exist for the sole purpose of lifting the few exceptional people onto their shoulders. You, me? We're exceptional. 
Green Goblin: I could squash you like a bug right now, but I'm offering you a choice. Join me! Imagine what we could accomplish together... what we could create. Or we could destroy! Cause the deaths of countless innocents in selfish battle again and again and again until we're both dead! Is that what you want? 
Green Goblin: Think about it, hero!
Ring Announcer: Will the next victim please enter the arena at this time! If he can withstand just three minutes in the cage with "Bonesaw" McGraw, the sum of three-thousand dollars will be paid to... 
Ring Announcer: What's your name, kid? 
Peter Parker: The Human Spider. 
Ring Announcer: The Human Spider? That's it? That's the best you've got? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. 
Ring Announcer: Oh, that sucks. 
Ring Announcer: The sum of three-thousand dollars will be paid to... the terrifying... the deadly... the amazing Spider-Man!
New Yorker on Bridge: Leave Spider-Man alone! You're gonna pick on a guy trying to save a bunch of kids? 
New Yorker on Bridge: Yeah, I got something for your ass! You mess with Spidey, you mess with New York! 
New Yorker on Bridge: You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us.
Peter Parker: Who am I? You sure you want to know? The story of my life is not for the faint of heart. If somebody said it was a happy little tale... if somebody told you I was just your average ordinary guy, not a care in the world... somebody lied. But let me assure you:  This, like any story worth telling, is all about a girl. That girl. The girl next door. Mary Jane Watson. The woman I've loved since before I even liked girls. 
Peter Parker: I'd like to say that's me sitting next to her. 
Peter Parker: Aw, heck, I'd even take him. 
Peter Parker: That's me.
Green Goblin: Misery, misery, misery - that's what you've chosen. I offered you friendship, and you spat in my face. 
Green Goblin: You've spun your last web, Spider-Man. Had you not been so selfish, your little girlfriend's death would've been quick and painless, but now that you've really pissed me off, I'm gonna finish her nice... and slow. MJ and I... we're gonna have a hell of a time! 
Norman Osborn: Peter, stop! Stop! It's me! 
Spider-Man: Mr. Osborn... 
Norman Osborn: Oh, Peter, thank God for you... 
Spider-Man: You killed those people on that balcony! 
Norman Osborn: The Goblin killed, I had nothing to do with it! Don't, don't let him take me again! I beg you, protect me! 
Spider-Man: You tried to kill Aunt May, you tried to kill Mary Jane... 
Norman Osborn: But not you. I tried to stop it, but I couldn't stop it. I would never hurt you. 
Norman Osborn: I knew from the beginning. If anything happened to me, it, it was you I could count on. You, Peter Parker, would save me, and so you have. Thank God for you. 
Norman Osborn: Give me your hand. Believe in me, as I believed in you. I've been like a father to you... be a son to me now. 
Spider-Man: I have a father. His name was Ben Parker. 
Green Goblin: Godspeed, Spider-Man! 
Norman Osborn: Oh. 
Norman Osborn: Peter... don't tell Harry.
Mary Jane: You're amazing. 
Spider-Man: Some people don't think so... 
Mary Jane: But you are. 
Spider-Man: Nice to have a fan...
Aunt May: Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us... 
Aunt May: DELIVER US! 
Green Goblin: Finish it. FINISH IT! 
Aunt May: FROM EVIL!
Peter Parker: Can I do anything for you? 
Aunt May: You do too much - college, a job, all this time with me... You're not Superman, you know.
Peter Parker: Spider-Man wasn't trying to attack the city, he was trying to save it. That's slander. 
J. Jonah Jameson: It is not. I resent that. Slander is spoken. In print, it's libel.
Peter Parker: I can't help thinking about... the last thing I said to him. He tried to tell me something important, and I threw it in his face. 
Aunt May: You loved him. And he loved you. He never doubted the man you'd grow into; how you were meant for great things. You won't disappoint him.
Mary Jane: Who are you? 
Spider-Man: You know who I am. 
Mary Jane: I do? 
Spider-Man: Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.
Green Goblin: Spider-Man is all but invincible; but Parker, we can destroy him. 
Norman Osborn: I can't. 
Green Goblin: Betrayal must not be countenanced. Parker must be educated. 
Norman Osborn: What do I do? 
Green Goblin: Instruct him in the matters of loss and pain. Make him suffer, make him wish he were dead. 
Norman Osborn: Yes? 
Green Goblin: And then grant his wish. 
Norman Osborn: But how? 
Green Goblin: The cunning warrior attacks neither body nor mind. 
Norman Osborn: TELL ME HOW! 
Green Goblin: The HEART Osborn! First, we attack his heart!
Mary Jane: You know, you're taller than you look. 
Peter Parker: I hunch. 
Mary Jane: Don't.
Uncle Ben: And the Lord said, "Let there be light." And voilà! There is light. Forty soft, glowing watts of it. 
Aunt May: Good boy. God will be thrilled, just don't fall on your ass.
Green Goblin: Spider-Man. This is why only fools are heroes - because you never know when some lunatic will come along with a sadistic choice. Let die the woman you love... or suffer the little children? Make your choice, Spider-Man, and see how a hero is rewarded! 
Spider-Man: Don't do it Goblin! 
Green Goblin: We are who we choose to be... now, *choose*!
Green Goblin: Back to formula!
Green Goblin: Jameson you slime! Who's the photographer who takes pictures of Spider-Man? 
J. Jonah Jameson: I don't know who he is! His stuff comes in the mail! 
Green Goblin: YOU'RE LYING! 
J. Jonah Jameson: I swear! 
Green Goblin: He's the one who can take me to him! 
J. Jonah Jameson: I don't know who he is! 
Green Goblin: You are useless you...! 
Spider-Man: Settle down, tough guy. 
Green Goblin: Speak of the Devil!
Mary Jane: Disgusting! 
Harry Osborn: Yeah, I hate the little things. 
Mary Jane: I love 'em. 
Harry Osborn: Oh yeah, me too.
Norman Osborn: A bit of a slob, isn't he? 
Aunt May: All brilliant men are.
Mary Jane: Help him, Harry! 
Harry Osborn: Which one?
J. Jonah Jameson: They're crap. Crap, crap, megacrap. I'll give you two hundred bucks for all of 'em.
Norman Osborn: I've been like a father to you, be a son to me now. 
Peter Parker: I have a father, his name was Ben Parker.
Mary Jane: I wanna... act. On stage. 
Peter Parker: Really? Well that's perfect. You were awesome in all the school plays. 
Mary Jane: Really? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. I cried like a baby when you played Cinderella. 
Mary Jane: Peter, that was first grade. 
Peter Parker: Well, even so...
Norman Osborn: Is somebody there? 
Green Goblin: Somebody? 
Norman Osborn: Who are you? 
Green Goblin: Don't play the innocent with ME - you've known all along! 
Norman Osborn: Where are you? 
Green Goblin: Follow the cold shiver running down your spine... 
Green Goblin: I'm right HERE! 
Norman Osborn: I... I don't understand... 
Green Goblin: Did you think it was coincidence - so many good things happening for you, all for you, Norman? 
Norman Osborn: What do you want? 
Green Goblin: To say what you won't, to do what you can't - to *remove* those in your way... 
Norman Osborn: The Board Members - you killed them! 
Green Goblin: WE killed them! 
Norman Osborn: We? 
Green Goblin: Remember? Your little "accident" in the laboratory...? 
Norman Osborn: The performance enhancers... 
Green Goblin: Bingo. Me! Your greatest creation. Bringing you what you've always wanted:  power beyond your wildest dreams, and it's only the beginning. There is only one who could stop us - or, imagine if he joined us?
Green Goblin: OUT, AM I? 
Green Goblin: Hello, my dear!
Bonesaw McGraw: Hey freak show! You're going nowhere. I got you for three minutes. Three minutes of PLAYTIME!
Flash Thompson: Think you're pretty funny, don't you, freak? 
Mary Jane: Flash, it was just an accident! 
Flash Thompson: My fist breaking your teeth, that's the accident. 
Mary Jane: C'mon, Flash, stop! 
Peter Parker: I don't want to fight you, Flash. 
Flash Thompson: I wouldn't want to fight me, neither.
Peter Parker: I want you to know, that I will always be there for you; I will always be there to take care of you. I promise you that. I will always be your friend. 
Mary Jane: Only a friend, Peter Parker? 
Peter Parker: That's all I have to give...
Aunt May: Go home dear, you look awful. 
Peter Parker: And you look beautiful...
Cop at Fire: Hold it right here, you're under arrest! I'm taking you in! 
Young Lady at Fire: There's somebody still up there! 
Spider-Man: I'm going. 
Cop at Fire: I'll be here when you get back. 
Spider-Man: Not coming back, chief.
Aunt May: Feeling better this morning? Any change? 
Peter Parker: Change? Yep. BIG change.
Wrestling Promoter: Now get outta here. 
Peter Parker: A hundred bucks? The ad said 3000. 
Wrestling Promoter: Check it again, web head. It said three grand for three minutes, and you pinned him in two. For that, I give you 100, and you're lucky to get that. 
Peter Parker: I need that money. 
Wrestling Promoter: I missed the part where that's my problem. 
Wrestling Promoter: Hey, what the hell...? 
Carjacker: Put the money in the bag. HURRY UP! 
Wrestling Promoter: HEY! HE STOLE THE GATE! 
Wrestling Arena Guard: STOP THAT GUY! 
Wrestling Promoter: STOP HIM! HE'S GOT MY MONEY! 
Carjacker: Thanks! 
Wrestling Arena Guard: What the hell's the matter with you? You let him go! 
Wrestling Arena Guard: Cut him off from the lobby and call the cops! 
Wrestling Promoter: You could've taken that guy apart! Now he's gonna get away with *my* money! 
Peter Parker: I missed the part where that's my problem.
Hoffman: We've got a page six problem. 
J. Jonah Jameson: We've got a page one problem, shut up.
Spider-Man: Hey, kiddo. Let Mom and Dad talk for a minute, will ya?
Uncle Ben: I don't mean to lecture and I don't mean to preach. And I know I'm not your father... 
Peter Parker: Then stop pretending to be!
Mary Jane: So you just came by? 
Peter Parker: I was in the neighborhood...
Uncle Ben: Peter, look. You're changing. I know. I went through exactly the same thing at your age. 
Peter Parker: No. Not exactly.
J. Jonah Jameson: He doesn't want to be famous? Then I'll make him infamous.
Green Goblin: Had you not been so selfish, your little girlfriend's death would have been quick and painless, but now that you've really pissed me off, I'm gonna finish her nice and slow.
Green Goblin: M.J. and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time.
Peter Parker: I said, um, Spider-man, I said, uh, the great thing about M.J. is when you look in her eyes, and she's looking back in yours, everything feels not quite normal, because you feel stronger, and weaker at the same time. You feel excited, and at the same time, terrified. The truth is you don't know what you feel, except you know what kind of man you want to be. It's as if you've reached the unreachable, and you weren't ready for it. 
Mary Jane: You said that? 
Peter Parker: Oh, something like that...
Green Goblin: The one thing they love more than a hero is to see a hero fail.
Uncle Ben: This guy, Flash Thompson, he probably deserved what happened. But just because you can beat him up doesn't give you the right to. Remember, with great power comes great responsibility.
Norman Osborn: Harry tells me you're quite the science whiz. You know, I'm something of a scientist myself.
Harry Osborn: Leave him alone. 
Flash's Crony: Or what? 
Flash Thompson: Or his father will fire your father! 
Flash Thompson: What's daddy gonna do, sue me? 
Teacher: What is going on? The next person who talks will fail this course, I kid you not.
Green Goblin: Oh.
Norman Osborn: As of today, Oscorp Industries has surpassed Quest Aerospace as the principal supplier to the United States Military. In short, ladies and gentlemen of the board:  costs are down, revenues are up... and our stock has never been higher. 
Henry Balkan: Wonderful news, Norman. Wonderful. In fact, it's the reason for selling the company. 
Norman Osborn: What? 
Henry Balkan: Yes, Quest Aerospace is recapitalizing in the wake of the bombing; expanding. They made a tender offer we can't ignore. 
Norman Osborn: Why wasn't I told? 
Henry Balkan: The last thing they want is a power struggle with entrenched management. 
Maximilian Fargas: The deal is off if you come with it. The board expects your resignation in thirty days. 
Norman Osborn: Oh, you can't do this to me... I-I started this company! 
Norman Osborn: YOU KNOW HOW MUCH I SACRIFICED? 
Norman Osborn: Oh, Max, please! 
Maximilian Fargas: Norman, the board is unanimous. We're announcing the sale after the World Unity Festival. I'm sorry. 
Henry Balkan: You're out, Norman. 
Norman Osborn: Am I?
J. Jonah Jameson: If we can get a picture of Julia Roberts in a thong, we can certainly get a picture of this weirdo.
Hoffman: Mr. Jameson they are very important clients, they can't wait. 
J. Jonah Jameson: They're about to.
Peter Parker: Well, Harry's in love with her. She's still his girl. 
Aunt May: Isn't that up to her? 
Peter Parker: She doesn't really know who I am. 
Aunt May: Because you won't let her. You're so mysterious all the time. Tell me, would it be so dangerous to let Mary Jane know how much you care? Everybody else KNOWS...
Maximilian Fargas: Norman, the board is unanimous. We're announcing the sale after the World Unity Festival. I'm sorry. 
Henry Balkan: You're out, Norman. 
Norman Osborn: Am I?
Aunt May: You won't have a bite? 
Peter Parker: No thanks. Had a bite.
Mary Jane: What do you see coming for you? 
Peter Parker: I don't know. Whatever it is, it's something I never felt before. 
Mary Jane: And... what for me? 
Peter Parker: For you? You're gonna light up Broadway.
Spider-Man: You have a knack for getting in trouble. 
Mary Jane: You have a knack for saving my life. I think I have a superhero stalker. 
Spider-Man: I was in the neighborhood...
Norman Osborn: I know this has been a difficult time for you, but I want you to try to enjoy this day. Commencement:  the end of one thing, the start of something new.
Mary Jane: He's saved my life twice and I've never even seen his face.
Green Goblin: Follow the cold shiver running down your spine.
Green Goblin: You've spun your last web, Spider-Man.
Mary Jane: Don't make me look ugly. 
Peter Parker: That's impossible.
Green Goblin: You're pathetically predictable, like a moth to the flame. What about my generous proposal? Are you in or are you out? 
Spider-Man: It's you who's out, Gobbie. Out of your mind. 
Green Goblin: Wrong answer.
Carjacker: Don't hurt me. Just give me a chance. Just give me a chance! 
Peter Parker: What about my uncle? Did you give him a chance? Did you? ANSWER ME!
Miss Brant: Welcome to the Daily Bugle. 
Peter Parker: Thanks. I'm Peter Parker. I'm a photographer. 
Miss Brant: Yes, I can see that.
J. Jonah Jameson: Who is Spider-Man? He's a criminal that's who he is! A vigilante! A public menace! What's he doing on MY front page?
Peter Parker: Hey, it's me again! 
Mary Jane: Hey! 
Peter Parker: How was your audition? 
Mary Jane: How'd you know? 
Peter Parker: The hotline. Your mom, told my aunt, told me. 
Mary Jane: So you just came by? 
Peter Parker: I was in the neighborhood, needed to see a friendly face. I took three buses and a cab to *get* in the neighborhood, but... So how'd it go? 
Mary Jane: Oh. They said I needed acting lessons. A *soap opera* told me I needed acting lessons. 
Peter Parker: Lemme buy you a cheeseburger. The sky's the limit, up to seven dollars... and eighty-four cents. 
Mary Jane: I'd like a cheeseburger. Oh, but I'm going out to dinner with Harry. 
Mary Jane: Come with us. 
Peter Parker: No thanks. How's it going with... 
Peter Parker: Never mind, it's none of my business. 
Mary Jane: It's not? Why so interested? 
Peter Parker: I'm not. 
Mary Jane: You're not? 
Peter Parker: Well... Why would I be? 
Mary Jane: I dunno. Why would you be? 
Peter Parker: I dunno. 
Mary Jane: Sorry you won't come with us. I better run, Tiger.
Green Goblin: We'll meet again, Spider-Man!
Green Goblin: Can Spider-Man come out to play?
Norman Osborn: They're all beautiful, until they're snarling after your trust fund like a pack of ravening wolves.
J. Jonah Jameson: Hoffman, run down to the patent office, copyright the name "Green Goblin." I want a quarter every time someone says it. 
Hoffman: How about "Green Meanie"?
Peter Parker: Sorry I'm late, it's a jungle out there; I had to beat an old lady with a stick to get these cranberries.
Mary Jane: Thanks for sticking up for me, Harry. 
Harry Osborn: You heard? 
Mary Jane: Everyone heard that creep. 
Harry Osborn: That creep is my father, all right! If I'm lucky, I'll become half of what he is. So just keep your mouth shut about stuff you don't understand!
Norman Osborn: Forty thousand years of evolution and we've barely even tapped the vastness of human potential.
Green Goblin: I offered you friendship, and you spat in my face.
Bonesaw McGraw: Bonesaw is READY!
J. Jonah Jameson: "Spider-Man, Hero or Menace? Exclusive Daily Bugle Photos". 
Peter Parker: Menace? He was protecting that armored truck... 
J. Jonah Jameson: Tell you what Atticus, you take the pictures, I'll make up the headlines! Ok? Is that ok with you? 
Peter Parker: Yes sir. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Goody.
Tour Guide: In this lab we have fifteen genetically enhanced super spiders. 
Mary Jane: There's fourteen. One's missing.
Harry Osborn: Hello? 
Harry Osborn: Dad! 
Norman Osborn: Oh, hello, Harry... 
Norman Osborn: Harry... I just wanted to say how sorry I am that I haven't been much of a father to you. 
Harry Osborn: It's okay. You're a busy man. 
Norman Osborn: That's no excuse. 
Norman Osborn: Take care of yourself, son. Don't make the same mistake I did.
Green Goblin: Godspeed, Spider-Man.
Norman Osborn: What do you want? 
Green Goblin: To say what you won't, to do what you can't, to remove those in your way.
Harry Osborn: What have you done? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
Punk Rock Girl: Guy with eight hands. Sounds hot.
Peter Parker: No matter what I do, no matter how hard I try, the ones I love will always be the ones who pay.
J. Jonah Jameson: No jobs! Freelance! Best thing in the world for a kid your age. You bring me some more pictures of that newspaper-selling clown, maybe I'll take 'em off your hands. But I never said you have a job. *Meat*. I'll send you a nice box of Christmas meat. It's the best I can do - get out of here.
Subway Guitarist: Dresses like a spider, he looks like a bug, we should all just give him one big hug...
Norman Osborn: I am going to rectify certain inequities.
Peter Parker: Some spiders change colors to blend into their environment. It's a defense mechanism. 
Harry Osborn: Peter, what possibly makes you think I would want to know that? 
Peter Parker: Who wouldn't?
Peter Parker: Who am I? Are you sure you want to know? If someone told you I was just your average ordinary guy without a care in the world, somebody lied. Truth is it wasn't always like this. There was a time when life was a lot less complicated.
Surly Truck Driver: He stinks and I don't like him.
Mary Jane: I better run, tiger.
Norman Osborn: A word to the "not-so-wise" about your little girlfriend. Do what you need to with her, then broom her fast.
Aunt May: You know, you were about six years old when Mary Jane's family moved in next door. And when she got out of the car, and you saw her for the first time, you grabbed me and you said, "Aunt May, Aunt May, is that an angel?" 
Peter Parker: Gee, did I really say that?
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: We sold out four printings. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Sold out? 
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: Every copy. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Tomorrow morning, Spider-man page one, with a decent picture this time...
Peter Parker: Mr. Osborn! 
Norman Osborn: Peter! Thank God for you! 
Peter Parker: You killed those people on that balcony. 
Norman Osborn: The Goblin killed them! I had nothing to do with it! 
Peter Parker: You tried to kill Aunt May. You tried to kill Mary Jane. 
Norman Osborn: But not you.
Mary Jane: They said I need acting lessons. Can you believe that? A soap opera told me I need acting lessons.
Peter Parker: Can I take your picture for the school paper? 
Mary Jane: Sure.
Harry Osborn: Peter, I'd like to introduce you to my father, Norman Osborn. 
Peter Parker: It's an honor to meet you, Sir.
Flash's Crony: Jesus, Parker, you are a freak
Teacher: You were talking throughout that woman's entire presentation, let's go talk about how we listen.
Spider-Man: Mary Jane! 
Mary Jane: HELP! Someone please help me! 
Spider-Man: Hold on! 
Mary Jane: Watch out!
J. Jonah Jameson: What are you, his lawyer? Get out of here, let him sue me! Get rich like a normal person!
Injured Wrestler: OH, MY GOD! OH, MY LEGS! OH, GOD. I CAN'T FEEL MY LEGS.
Green Goblin: Jameson, you slime! Who's the photographer who takes the pictures of Spider-Man? 
J. Jonah Jameson: I don't know who he is. His stuff comes in the mail... 
Green Goblin: YOU'RE LYING! 
J. Jonah Jameson: I swear! 
Green Goblin: He's the one who can bring me to him. 
J. Jonah Jameson: I don't know who he is! 
Green Goblin: You are useless. 
Spider-Man: Set him down, tough guy. 
Green Goblin: Speak of the devil! 
J. Jonah Jameson: Spider-Man! I knew you two were in this together! I... 
Spider-Man: Hey kiddo! Let mom and dad talk for a minute, will ya? 
Green Goblin: Sleep!
Uncle Ben: Peter... these are the years when a man changes into the man he's gonna become for the rest of his life. Just be careful who you change into.
Bonesaw McGraw: What're ya doin' up there? 
Spider-Man: Staying away from you. That's a cute outfit. Did your husband give it to you?
Aunt May: Peter, are you alright? 
Peter Parker: I'm fine.
Harry Osborn: What the hell was that?
New Yorker on Bridge: Come on up here, dumb guy! I got a little something for ya! 
New Yorker on Bridge: We ought to kick your freaking ass! 
New Yorker on Bridge: Leave Spider-Man alone! You gonna pick on a guy trying to save a bunch of kids? 
New Yorker on Bridge: Oh, yeah I got something for you here! You mess with Spidey, you mess with New York! 
New Yorker on Bridge: You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us! 
Mary Jane: Spider-Man, watch out!
Norman Osborn: Peter? Don't tell Harry.
Mary Jane: Do I get to say thank you this time?
Green Goblin: You and I are not so different. 
Spider-Man: I'm not like you. You're a murderer. 
Green Goblin: Well... to each his own.
Peter Parker: You know Harry... doesn't live on a little place I like to call Earth.
Harry Osborn: One day Spider-Man will pay. I swear on my father's grave Spider-Man will pay.
Spider-Man: Whatever it is, somebody has to stop it...
Peter Parker: How was your audition? 
Mary Jane: How did you know? 
Peter Parker: Hotline... your mom, told my aunt, told me...
Peter Parker: Let me buy you a cheese-burger - sky's the limit, up to seven dollars and eighty-four cents.
Peter Parker: I can't... tell you... everything; I mean, there's so much to tell...
Harry Osborn: Where do you go all the time? 
Peter Parker: Around...
Peter Parker: I was in the neighborhood. I needed to see a friendly face. I took two buses and a cab to get in the neighborhood, but...
Aunt May: Aunt May: Peter? 
Aunt May: What's - what's going on in there? 
Peter Parker: I'm excercising. I'm not dressed Aunt May. 
Aunt May: Well... you're acting so strangely Peter... 
Peter Parker: Ok... thanks.
Peter Parker: Who am I? You sure you wanna know? The story of my life is not for the faint of heart. If somebody told you I was just your average, ordinary guy, not a care in the world, then somebody lied.
Green Goblin: Back to formula.
Mary Jane: Wait! 
Spider-Man: You have a knack for getting in trouble. 
Mary Jane: *You* have a knack for saving my life. I think I have a superhero stalker. 
Spider-Man: I was in the neighborhood. 
Mary Jane: You are... amazing. 
Spider-Man: Some people don't think so. 
Mary Jane: But you are. 
Spider-Man: Nice to have a fan. 
Mary Jane: Do I get to say thank you this time? 
Spider-Man: Wait.
Green Goblin: No one says no to me!
J. Jonah Jameson: I resent that slander is spoken in print its libal.
Henry Jackson: Hi, Peter! 
Peter Parker: Hey, Henry! You've grown tall. 
May Parker: You'll never guess who he wants to be... Spider-Man! 
Peter Parker: Why? 
May Parker: He knows a hero when he sees one. Too few characters out there, flying around like that, saving old girls like me. And Lord knows, kids like Henry need a hero. Courageous, self-sacrificing people. Setting examples for all of us. Everybody loves a hero. People line up for them, cheer them, scream their names. And years later, they'll tell how they stood in the rain for hours just to get a glimpse of the one who taught them how to hold on a second longer. I believe there's a hero in all of us, that keeps us honest, gives us strength, makes us noble, and finally allows us to die with pride, even though sometimes we have to be steady, and give up the thing we want the most. Even our dreams.
Miss Brant: Boss, your wife's on the line, she said she lost her checkbook. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Thanks for the good news!
Spider-Man: Doctor Octavius! 
Peter Parker: We have to shut it down! Please tell me how! 
Doc Ock: Peter Parker...?Brilliant but lazy." 
Peter Parker: Look at what's happening! We have to stop it! 
Doc Ock: I can't stop it... I WON'T! 
Peter Parker: You once spoke to me about intelligence... you said it was a gift to be used for the greater good... 
Doc Ock: A privilege... 
Peter Parker: These things have turned you into something else... don't listen to THEM... 
Doc Ock: It was my dream... 
Peter Parker: Sometimes... to do what's right... we must be steady... and give up the things we desire the most... even our dreams. 
Doc Ock: You're right. 
Doc Ock: He's right... 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Listen... listen to me now! Listen to ME now! 
Peter Parker: Now... tell me how to stop it! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: It can't be stopped. It's self-sustaining now. 
Peter Parker: THINK! 
Doc Ock: Unless... the river! Drown it! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: I'll do it.
Pizza 'Heist' Witness: Whoa... He stole that guy's pizza!
Elevator Passenger: Cool Spidey outfit. 
Spider-Man: Thanks. 
Elevator Passenger: Where did you get it? 
Spider-Man: I made it. 
Elevator Passenger: Looks uncomfortable... 
Spider-Man: Yeah, it's kind of itchy... 
Spider-Man: ...and it rides up in the crotch a little bit, too.
May Parker: We need a hero, couragous sacrificing people, setting examples for all of us. Everybody loves a hero, people line up for 'em, cheer for them, scream their names, and years later tell how they stood in the rain for hours just to get a glimpse of the one who told them to HOLD ON a second longer. I believe theres a hero in all of us, that keeps us honest, gives us strength, makes us noble. And finally gets us to die with pride. Even though sometimes we have to be steady and give up the thing we want most, even our dreams.
J. Jonah Jameson: What are we gonna call this guy? 
Hoffman: 'Doctor Octopus'? 
J. Jonah Jameson: That's crap. 
Hoffman: 'Science Squid'? 
J. Jonah Jameson: Crap. 
Hoffman: 'Doctor Strange'. 
J. Jonah Jameson: That's pretty good. 
J. Jonah Jameson: But it's taken! Wait, wait! I got it! 'Doctor Octopus'. 
Hoffman: But... uh... 
Hoffman: I like it. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Of course you do. 'Doctor Octopus'. New villain in town:  'Doc Ock'. 
Hoffman: Genius. 
J. Jonah Jameson: What, are you looking for a raise? Get out!
Peter Parker: I'm back! I'm back! 
Peter Parker: My back. My back...
Mary Jane Watson: Had to do what I had to do. 
Peter Parker: Mary Jane. 
Mary Jane Watson: Peter. I can't survive without you. 
Peter Parker: You shouldn't be here. 
Mary Jane Watson: I know you think we can't be together, but can't you respect me enough to let me make my own decision? I know there'll be risks but I want to face them with you. It's wrong that we should be only half alive... half of ourselves. I love you. So here I am - standing in your doorway. I have always been standing in your doorway. Isn't it about time somebody saved your life? 
Mary Jane Watson: Well, say something. 
Peter Parker: Thank you, Mary Jane Watson. 
Mary Jane Watson: Go get 'em, tiger.
Rosalie Octavius: Peter, tell us about yourself. Do you have a girlfriend? 
Peter Parker: Uh, well... I don't really know. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Well, shouldn't you know? Who would know? 
Rosalie Octavius: Leave him alone. Maybe it's a secret love. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Love should never be a secret. If you keep something as complicated as love stored up inside, it could make you sick.
Harry Osborn: Now... lets see who's behind the mask 
Harry Osborn: Peter? No... it can't be. 
Peter Parker: Harry, where is she? He's got MJ! 
Harry Osborn: No... all he wanted was the tritium. 
Peter Parker: Tritium? He's making the machine again. When he does, she'll die alone with half of New York, now where is he? 
Harry Osborn: Peter... you killed my father. 
Peter Parker: There are bigger things happening here than me and you.
Peter Parker: Mr. Jameson, please, isn't there any of these shots you can use? I really need the money. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Awww. Miss Brant? 
Miss Brant: Yeah? 
J. Jonah Jameson: Get me a violin.
Dr. Otto Octavius: Before we start, did anyone lose a bunch of twenties rolled up in a rubber band? Because we found the rubber band. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: It's a terrible joke... But thank you for coming.
Ben Parker: All the things that you've been thinking about, Peter... make me sad. 
Peter Parker: Can't you understand? I'm in love with Mary Jane. 
Ben Parker: You know I understand. But I thought you'd learned the meaning of responsibility. 
Peter Parker: You don't know how it feels. 
Ben Parker: Peter, all the times we've talked of honesty, fairness, justice, out of those times I counted on you to have the courage to take those dreams out into the world. 
Peter Parker: I can't live your dreams anymore. I want a life of my own. 
Ben Parker: You've been given a gift, Peter. With great power, comes great responsibility. 
Ben Parker: Take my hand, son. 
Peter Parker: No, Uncle Ben. I'm just Peter Parker. I'm Spider-Man... no more. No more. 
Peter Parker: No more.
J. Jonah Jameson: Call Debra. 
Mrs. Jameson: The caterer? 
J. Jonah Jameson: Tell her not to open the caviar.
Peter Parker: Hi! 
Mary Jane Watson: Hi! 
Peter Parker: This is really heavy... MJ, in case we die... 
Mary Jane Watson: You do love me... 
Peter Parker: I do. 
Mary Jane Watson: Even though you said you didn't. 
Peter Parker:
Amazed Kid: How'd you do that? 
Peter Parker: Uh... Work out, plenty of rest. You know, eat your green vegetables. 
Amazed Kid: That's what my mom is always saying. I just actually never believed her.
Harry Osborn: He humiliated me by touching me.
J. Jonah Jameson: I drove Spider-Man away. My god, he was a hero. Spider-Man truly was an asset to this city. He was... 
J. Jonah Jameson: ... a criminal! That's who he is! A burglar! He stole my suit! I want Spider-Man! 
J. Jonah Jameson: I WANT SPIDER-MAN!
Peter Parker: Pizza time! 
Receptionist: You're late. I'm not paying for those.
Train Passenger: He's... just a kid. No older than my son.
Dr. Davis: You say you can't sleep. Heart break? Bad Dreams? 
Peter Parker: There is one dream where in my dream, I'm Spider-Man. But I'm losing my powers. I'm climbing a wall but I keep falling. 
Dr. Davis: Oh. So you're Spider-Man... 
Peter Parker: In my dream... Actually, it's not even my dream, it's a friend of mine's dream. 
Dr. Davis: Oh. Somebody else's dream. What about this friend? Why does he climb these walls? What does he think of himself? 
Peter Parker: That's the problem, he doesn't know what to think. 
Dr. Davis: Kind of makes you mad not to know who you are? Your soul disappears, nothing is bad as uncertainty. Listen, maybe you're not supposed to be Spider-Man climbing those walls? That's why you keep falling. You'll always have a choice Peter. 
Peter Parker: I have a choice.
Mr. Ditkovich: Rent! 
Peter Parker: Hi. 
Mr. Ditkovich: Hi? What's hi? Can I spend it?
Peter Parker: I'm responsible... 
May Parker: For what? 
Peter Parker: For what happened to Uncle Ben... 
May Parker: But, you were at the library, you were doing your homework. 
Peter Parker: He drove me to the library, but I never went in. 
May Parker: What do you mean? 
Peter Parker: I went someplace else, someplace where I thought I could win some money, to buy a car, because I wanted to impress Mary Jane. It happened so fast... I won the money, the guy wouldn't pay me, then he got robbed... the thief was running towards me... I could have stopped him, but I wanted to take revenge... I let him go, I let him get away. He wanted a car, he tried to take Uncle Ben's. Uncle Ben said no... and then he shot him. Uncle Ben was killed that night for being the only one who did the right thing. I held his hand when he died... I've tried to tell you so many times...
Dr. Otto Octavius: Parker... Now I remember you. You're Dr. Connor's student. He tells me you're brilliant. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: He also tells me you're lazy.
Miss Brant: Chief, I found Parker. 
J. Jonah Jameson: 'Bout time, where were you? Crazy scientist blows himself up, and we don't have pictures! 
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: I heard Spider-Man was there. 
J. Jonah Jameson: And where were you, photographing squirrels? You're fired! 
Miss Brant: Chief, the planetarium party. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Oh right, you're unfired, get back here!
Mr. Ditkovich: Rent!
J. Jonah Jameson: Guy named Otto Octavius winds up with eight limbs. Four mechanical arms welded right onto his body. What are the odds?
Peter Parker: Dr. Connors. Sorry. 
Dr. Curt Connors: Where were you headed, Parker? 
Peter Parker: To your class. 
Dr. Curt Connors: My class is over. See me standing here? 
Peter Parker: I'm sorry. I'm trying. I wanna be here. 
Dr. Curt Connors: Then be here. Look at you, Peter. Your grades have been steadily declining. You're late for class. You always appear exhausted. Your paper on fusion is still overdue. 
Peter Parker: I know. I'm planning to write it on Dr. Otto Octavius. 
Dr. Curt Connors: Planning is not a major at this university. Octavius is a friend of mine. Better do your research, Parker. Get it done, or I'm failing you.
J. Jonah Jameson: Come here. Parker, what do you know about high society? 
Peter Parker: Oh... well, I... 
J. Jonah Jameson: Don't answer that. My society photographer got hit in the head by a polo ball. You're all I got. Big party tonight for an American hero, my son the astronaut. 
Peter Parker: Could you pay me in advance? 
J. Jonah Jameson: You serious? What, pay you for just standing there? Tomorrow night, the planeterium, 8: 00. There's the door.
Harry Osborn: Hello? 
Harry Osborn: ...? 
Green Goblin: Son... 
Green Goblin: I'm here. 
Harry Osborn: Dad? I thought you were... 
Green Goblin: No. I'm alive in you, Harry. You swore to make Spider-Man pay... now make him pay. 
Harry Osborn: But Pete's my best friend! 
Green Goblin: And I'm your father. You're weak. You were always weak and you will always be weak until you take control! 
Green Goblin: Now you know the truth about Peter. Be stong Harry. Avenge me. 
Harry Osborn: No... 
Green Goblin: AVENGE ME! 
Harry Osborn: NO!
J. Jonah Jameson: I'll give you $150.00 for all of them! 
Peter Parker: $300.00. 
J. Jonah Jameson: That's outrageous! Done. Give this to the girl.
Mr. Ditkovich: If promises were crackers, my daughter would be fat.
May Parker: Pish-posh. We needn't talk about it. Water over the dam, or under the bridge, or wherever you like it, but... 
May Parker: You made a brave move in telling me the truth, and I'm proud of you, and I thank you, and I... I love you, Peter. So very, very much...
Spider-Man: Here's your change!
Dr. Otto Octavius: I should've known Osborn wouldn't have the spine to finish you!
Dr. Otto Octavius: Peter Parker! And the girlfriend! 
Peter Parker: What do you want? 
Dr. Otto Octavius: I want you to find your friend Spider-Man. Tell him to meet me at the Westside Tower at 3 o'clock. 
Peter Parker: But I don't know where he is. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Find him. Or I'll peel the flesh off her bones... 
Peter Parker: If you lay... one finger on her... 
Dr. Otto Octavius: You'll do what?
Dr. Otto Octavius: I finally got lucky in love when I met Rosie here. She was discussing T.S. Eliot, and I was discussing... I still don't know what she was talking about!
Dr. Otto Octavius: I will not die a monster.
Peter Parker: Can I get you a drink. 
Mary Jane Watson: I'm with John, he'll get me my drink. 
Peter Parker: John... 
Mary Jane Watson: By the way, John has seen my show 5 times. Harry has seen it twice. Aunt May has seen it. My sick mother got out of bed to see it. Even my father, he came backstage to borrow cash. But my best friend who cares so much about me, can't make 8 o'clock curtain. After all these years, he's nothing to me but an empty seat.
Rosalie Octavius: You need to sleep soundly tonight. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Did Edison sleep before he turned on the light bulb? Did Marconi sleep before he turned on the radio? Did Beethoven sleep before he wrote the fifth? 
Peter Parker: Did Bernoulli sleep before he found the curves of quickest descent? 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Ahhh, Rosie, I love this boy.
Peter Parker: These things have turned you into something you're not. 
Peter Parker: Don't listen to them! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: It was my dream. 
Peter Parker: Sometimes, to do what's right, we have to be steady and give up the thing we want the most. Even our dreams. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: You're right. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: He's right.
Mr. Aziz: Goooooooooo!
Dr. Otto Octavius: Listen. Listen... to me now. Listen... to ME now!
Mr. Aziz: Joe's 29-minute guarantee is a promise, man. I know to you, Parker, a promise means nothing, but to me it's serious. 
Peter Parker: It's serious to me too, Mr. Aziz. 
Mr. Aziz: You're fired.
Mary Jane Watson: Go get 'em, tiger.
Harry Osborn: This doesn't change anything.
Peter Parker: Strong focus on what I want.
Peter Parker: Am I not supposed to have what I want? What I need? What am I supposed to do?
Spider-Man: If you lay... One finger... On her... I'll... 
Dr. Otto Octavius: - You'll what?
Dr. Otto Octavius: The power of the sun, in the palm of my hand!
Doc Ock: My Rosie's dead. My dream is dead. 
Doc Ock: And these... monstrous things should be at the bottom of the river... along with me. 
Doc Ock: Something... in my head. Something talking... The inhibitor chip! 
Doc Ock: Gone. 
Doc Ock: Rebuild? No. Peter was right. I miscalculated. 
Doc Ock: I couldn't have miscalculated. It was working, wasn't it? 
Doc Ock: Yes. We can rebuild. Enlarge the containment field. Make it bigger and stronger than ever! But we need money. 
Doc Ock: Steal it? No, no, no, I'm not a criminal. 
Doc Ock: That's right... the real crime would be not to finish what we started. 
Doc Ock: We'll do it here. The power of the sun in the palm of my hand. 
Doc Ock: Nothing will stand in our way! NOTHING!
Ben Parker: Of all the times we talked of honesty, fairness, justice. A lot of those times I counted on you to have the courage, to take those dreams out into the world. 
Spider-Man: I can't live your dreams anymore. I want a life of my own. 
Ben Parker: You've been given a gift Peter, with great power, comes great responsibility. 
Ben Parker: Take my hand son. 
Spider-Man: No Uncle Ben. I'm just Peter Parker. I'm Spider-Man no more. No more...
Peter Parker: She looks at me everyday. Mary Jane Watson. Oh boy! If she only knew how I felt about her. But she can never know. I made a choice once to live a life of responsibility. A life she can never be a part of. Who am I? I'm Spider-Man, given a job to do. And I'm Peter Parker, and I too have a job.
Peter Parker: Um, I don't have time for girls right now. 
Harry Osborn: What are you - dead?
Doc Ock: You're getting on my nerves. 
Spider-Man: I have a knack for that. 
Doc Ock: Not anymore.
J. Jonah Jameson: Get your pretty little portfolio off my desk before I go into a diabetic coma!
Peter Parker: Hey, you might wanna take it easy there, buddy. 
Harry Osborn: What, it's a party... wouldn't you be drinking if you lost a bundle on some crackpot who you thought was gonna take him with you to fame and fortune? Not to mention your friend the bug. 
Peter Parker: Not tonight Harry. 
Harry Osborn: Every night! Until I find him it's 24/7.
Harry Osborn: Kill Spider-Man, I'll give you all the tritium you need. On second thought, bring him to me, alive. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: How do I find him? 
Harry Osborn: Peter Parker. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Parker? 
Harry Osborn: He takes pictures of Spider-Man for the Bugle. Make him tell you where he is. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Have it ready. 
Harry Osborn: Don't hurt Peter!
Peter Parker: Now, tell me how to stop it! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: It can't be stopped. It's self-sustaining now. 
Peter Parker: Think! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Unless... the river. Drown it! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: I'll do it.
May Parker: Shame on you!
J. Jonah Jameson: You're fired!
Train Passenger: He's... just a kid... no older than my son... 
Train Passenger: it's all right... 
Boy with Mask: B:  We found something... 
Boy with Mask: We won't tell nobody - it's good to have you back, Spider-Man... 
Doc Ock: He's MINE! 
Train Passenger: You want to get to him, you gotta go through me! 
Doc Ock: Very well...
Garbage Man: Now look, uh, I think I deserve a little something for this. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Give ya fifty bucks. 
Garbage Man: I could get more than that on eBay. 
J. Jonah Jameson: All right, a hundred. Miss Brant, give this man his money and throw in a bar of soap.
Ursula: Hi Pete!
Mary Jane Watson: I think I always knew all this time who you really were. 
Peter Parker: Then you know why we can't be together. Spider-Man will always have enemies. I can't let you take that risk. I will always be Spider-Man. You and I can never be...
Boy with Mask: We've found something... 
Boy with Mask: We won't tell nobody. It's good to have you back, Spider-Man.
Snooty Usher: Shoelaces. 
Snooty Usher: Uh, you might want to... 
Snooty Usher: Snooty Usher: That's better. Can I help you?
Harry Osborn: Nobel Prize, Otto! We'll see you in Sweden! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Interesting person, your friend.
Black Passenger: It's all right. 
Amazed Kid: We found something. 
Boy with Mask: We won't tell nobody. 
Boy with Mask: It's good to have you back Spiderman. 
Doc Ock: He's mine! 
Train Passenger: You want to get to him, you gotta go through me. 
Train Passenger: And me. 
Train Passenger: Me too. 
Doc Ock: Very well
Green Goblin: Avenge me!
Mr. Ditkovich: I have ears like a cat! And eyes like a rodent.
Dr. Otto Octavius: You have a train to catch.
Harry Osborn: I'm ruined! I have nothing left - except Spider-Man...
Spider-Man: You don't understand! I'm not an empty seat anymore. I'm different! Punch me I bleed.
Dr. Otto Octavius: If you want to get a woman to fall in love with you, feed her poetry. 
Peter Parker: Poetry? 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Never fails.
Spider-Man: Hey, you two. No playing in the street. 
Boy Saved by Spider-Man, Girl Saved by Spider-Man: Yes, Mr. Spider-Man. 
Spider-Man: See ya!
J. Jonah Jameson: Flowers? How much? If you spend any more on this thing, you can pick the daisies off my grave! Get plastic!
Doc Ock: Where do you want him?
Train Passenger: Nice and easy. Put him down. 
Train Passenger: Slower. Gently. 
Train Passenger: Is he alive? 
Train Passenger: He's... just a kid. No older than my son. 
Train Passenger: It's alright. 
Boy with Mask: We found something. 
Boy with Mask: We won't tell nobody. 
Boy with Mask: It's good to have you back, Spider-Man.
Mary Jane Watson: Oh... you. 
Peter Parker: Listen, I'm sorry, but there was a disturbance. 
Mary Jane Watson: I don't know you and I can't keep thinking about you. It's too painful. 
Peter Parker: I've been reading poetry lately. 
Mary Jane Watson: Whatever that means. 
Peter Parker: Day by day he gazed upon her, Day by day he sighed with passion, Day by day... 
Mary Jane Watson: Don't start.
Spider-Man: Am I not supposed to have what I want? What I need? What am I supposed to do.
Mary Jane Watson: Hey! I'm talking to you! You got what you needed for your little science project. Now let me go! 
Dr. Otto Octavius: I can't let you go. You'd bring the police. Not that anyone can stop me now that Spider-Man is dead. 
Mary Jane Watson: He's not dead. I don't believe you. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Believe it.
J. Jonah Jameson: Get a picture of a rancid chicken. Headline, "Food Poisoning Scare Sweeps City!" 
Hoffman: Some food got poisoned? 
J. Jonah Jameson: I'm a little nauseous, yeah!
Peter Parker: Hey, where are all my comic books? 
May Parker: Oh, those dreadful things? I gave those away.
John Jameson: Thought he was your pal. 
Mary Jane Watson: Peter Parker? 
John Jameson: Yeah. 
Mary Jane Watson: Uh, he's just a great big jerk. 
John Jameson: Well, the world's full of great big jerks.
Elevator Passenger: I'm with Weisenhower, Anderson, Nichols & Knudsen PR firm in the building and I just wanna say I think the image you have is fantastic. It's really put together. The costume. The... this thing. I mean, it's really put together. It's great. I think you can do more than print though. I think you might wanna try some TV, you know? Can I riff for you? Can I come up with a couple ideas for you? Just what my company would do. Let's see what I got. How 'bout, um, uh, a children's book? You could, uh, have like Charlotte's Web but without the pig. You know, that kind of thing. How 'bout, um, uh, a line of hammocks? 'Cause it's kind of a web thing. Um, you could do, um, a men's cologne called "Thwip." Let me give you a card. 
Spider-Man: I don't have any pockets.
Mary Jane Watson: Do you love me? 
Peter Parker: ... No.
Mary Jane Watson: Peter I'm getting married. 
Spider-Man: I've always imagined you getting you married on a hill top. 
Mary Jane Watson: Who's the groom? 
Spider-Man: You hadn't decided yet.
Spider-Man: Hang on!
Spider-Man: Where is she? 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Oh, she'll be just fine. 
Dr. Otto Octavius: Let's talk.
Doc Ock: Let's talk.
Mr. Aziz: Peter, you're a nice guy. You're just not dependable.
Peter Parker: Would you think about it? 
Mary Jane Watson: Think about what? 
Peter Parker: Picking up where we left off. 
Mary Jane Watson: Where was that? We never got on. You can't get off if you don't get on Peter.
Dr. Otto Octavius: Ladies and gentlemen, fasten your seat belts.
Woman at Web: It's a web... 
Woman at Web: Go, Spidey, go!
Harry Osborn: He's my best friend! 
Green Goblin: And I'm your father!
J. Jonah Jameson: Take a shot of my wife with the Minister here... 
Mrs. Jameson: Beautiful tie! 
J. Jonah Jameson: Ohh, no get a shot with the DA. 
Mrs. Jameson: Beautiful dress! 
J. Jonah Jameson: Oh here get a shot of the Mayor and his girlfriend... wife.
May Parker: Ohh, have I been wrong about you!
Doc Ock: You've stuck your webs into my business for the last time!
Peter Parker: I know you were afraid I would disappoint you. 
Mary Jane Watson: Bingo.
Mary Jane Watson: I liked seeing you tonight, Peter. 
Peter Parker: Oh boy, yeah... 
Mary Jane Watson: Oh boy, yeah, what? 
Peter Parker: Nothing. 
Mary Jane Watson: You want to say something? 
Peter Parker: I... was... wondering if you're still in the village... 
Mary Jane Watson: You're such a mystery. Peter... 
Peter Parker: What? 
Mary Jane Watson: Happy Birthday!
Man Outside Peter's apartment: Hey! You punk! 
Peter Parker: Sorry!
Mary Jane Watson: Could you lean your head back for me? 
John Jameson: Sure... 
John Jameson: Wow... I'm back on the moon 
John Jameson: You up there with me?
Peter Parker: I wanna tell you the truth... here it is:  I'm Spider-Man. Weird, huh? Now you know why I can't be with you. If my enemies found out about you... if you got hurt, I could never forgive myself. I wish I could tell you how I feel about you...
Dr. Otto Octavius: Precious tritium is what makes this project go. There's only 25 pounds of it on the whole planet. I'd like to thank Harry Osborn and Oscorp Industries for providing it. 
Harry Osborn: Happy to pay the bills, Otto.
May Parker: Pish-posh. We needn't talk about it. Water over the dam, or under the bridge, or wherever you like it.
Peter Parker: Aunt May, you don't have to punish yourself... 
May Parker: Oh, I know I shouldn't. It's just that you wanted to take the subway, and he wanted to drive you. If only I had stopped him, we'd all three of us be having tea together.
Spider-Man: We sure showed him! 
May Parker: What do you mean 'we'?
J. Jonah Jameson: Dear, we agreed to put on a wedding, not go into bankruptcy... Caviar? Who are we inviting, the czar? Get some cheese and crackers... some of those little cocktail weenies...
Snooty Usher: No one will be seated after the doors are closed. It helps maintain the illusion.
Dr. Otto Octavius: Butterfingers!
Train Conductor: Any more bright ideas? 
Peter Parker: I got a few. Yeah!
Spider-Man: I don't think it's that simple. 
Mary Jane Watson: Of course you don't! Because you complicate things!
Peter Parker: Whatever comes our way, whatever battle we have raging inside us, we always have a choice. My friend Harry taught me that. He chose to be the best of himself. It's the choices that make us who we are, and we can always choose to do what's right.
Peter Parker: Stings, doesn't it? 
Harry Osborn: I protected you in high school. Now I'm gonna kick your little ass. 
Peter Parker: Ooh.
Harry Osborn: You gonna kill me like you killed me father? 
Peter Parker: I'm done trying to convince you. 
Harry Osborn: You took him from me. He loved me. 
Peter Parker: No. He despised you. You were an embarrassment to him. 
Peter Parker: Oh. Look at little Goblin Junior. Gonna cry?
Peter Parker: You're trash, Brock. 
Eddie Brock: Excuse me? 
Peter Parker: Your picture's a fake. 
Eddie Brock: Oh, Parker, you are such a boy scout. When are you going to give a guy a break? 
Peter Parker: You want forgiveness? Get religion. 
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: What's going on here? 
Miss Brant: Are you guys all right? 
Eddie Brock: Yeah. No, we - We're just horsing around. 
Eddie Brock: Look, I'm begging you. If you do this, I will lose everything. There's not a paper in town that will hire me. 
Peter Parker: You should've thought of that earlier. 
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: What are you doing, Peter? 
Peter Parker: Show this to your editor. Tell him to check his source next time.
Eddie Brock: Oh! My Spider-Sense is tingling! 
Eddie Brock: ...If you know what I'm talking about!
Peter Parker: Hey, pal. How you doing? 
Harry Osborn: Been better. 
Peter Parker: We'll get you through this. 
Harry Osborn: No. 
Peter Parker: I never should have hurt you... said those things. 
Harry Osborn: None of that matters, Peter. You're my friend. 
Peter Parker: Best friend.
Miss Brant: Your blood pressure, Mr. Jameson. Your wife told me to tell you to watch the anger. 
J. Jonah Jameson: YOU TELL MY WIFE... 
J. Jonah Jameson: Thank you. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Continue. 
Miss Brant: Time to take your pill. 
Miss Brant: Not that one. 
Miss Brant: Not that one. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Miss Brant: Drink plenty of water. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Thank you.
Spider-Man: You came. 
New Goblin: Looks like just in the nick of time. 
Spider-Man: A couple of minutes ago wouldn't have been so bad either. 
New Goblin: What are you gonna do?
Peter Parker: Eddie, the suit, you've got to take it off. 
Eddie Brock: Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you? 
Peter Parker: I know what it feels like. It feels good. The power. Everything. But you'll lose yourself. It'll destroy you. Let it go. 
Venom: I like being bad. It makes me happy.
Flint Marko: I didn't want this. But I had no choice... 
Peter Parker: We always have a choice. You had a choice when you killed my uncle. 
Flint Marko: My daughter was dying, I needed money. 
Flint Marko: I was scared. I told your uncle all I wanted was the car. He said to me "Why don't you just put down the gun and go home?" I realise now he was just trying to help me. 
Flint Marko: Then I saw my partner running over with the cash... and the gun was in my hand... 
Flint Marko: I did a terrible thing to you, I spent a lot of nights wishing I could take it back. 
Flint Marko: I'm not asking you to forgive me. I just want you to understand. 
Peter Parker: I've done terrible things too. 
Flint Marko: I didn't choose to be this. The only thing left of me now... is my daughter. 
Peter Parker: I forgive you.
Mr. Ditkovitch: Rent! 
Peter Parker: Not now! 
Mr. Ditkovitch: This is a free country, not a rent-free country. 
Peter Parker: Leave me alone. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: Give me rent! 
Peter Parker: You get you're rent if you fix this DAMN DOOR!
J. Jonah Jameson: You want a staff job, and you want a staff job, anybody care about what I want? 
Hoffman: I do. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Shut up. Get out.
Venom: Never wound what you can't kill.
Harry Osborn: You knew this was coming, Pete! 
Peter Parker: Listen to me! I didn't kill your father! He was trying to kill me! He killed himself! 
Harry Osborn: Shut up!
Peter Parker: Flint Marko. The man who killed Uncle Ben, he was killed last night. 
Aunt May: Oh, my. What happened? 
Peter Parker: Spider-Man killed him. 
Aunt May: Spider-Man? I don't understand, Spider-Man doesn't kill people. What happened? 
Peter Parker: I, uh... He... he was... I thought that - That you'd feel... He deserved it, didn't he? 
Aunt May: I don't think it's for us to say whether a person deserves to live or die. 
Peter Parker: But, Aunt May, he killed Uncle Ben. 
Aunt May: Uncle Ben meant the world to us. But he wouldn't want us living one second with revenge in our hearts. It's like a poison. It can - It can take you over. Before you know it, turn us into something ugly.
Flint Marko: I had a good reason for what I was doing. And that's the truth. 
Emma Marko: You and the truth, sitting in prison, having three meals a day together. I live in the presence of great truth... 
Emma Marko: ...and that is the truth that you left behind right there in that bedroom. 
Flint Marko: Penny. I missed you. 
Penny Marko: I miss you too, Daddy. 
Flint Marko: I promise I'll make you healthy again. Whatever it takes, I'll get the money. 
Emma Marko: You get out of here. Now. 
Flint Marko: I'm not a bad person. Just had bad luck.
Miss Brant: Your shots are so good. 
Peter Parker: I'd love to shoot you sometime. 
Miss Brant: Peter Parker... oh, Peter... 
J. Jonah Jameson: Brant, that's not the position I hired you for!
Man in Times Square: You know, I guess one person really can make a difference... 
Man in Times Square: 'Nuff said!
Eddie Brock: Hey. I'm the new guy. 
Spider-Man: New guy? 
Eddie Brock: From now on, I am gonna be taking shots of you for the Bugle. So smile. Are you smiling? Just kidding. 
Spider-Man: They got a guy. 
Eddie Brock: Who, Parker? Um, yeah, look, just between you and me, guys kind of an amateur. Have you noticed his stuff makes you a little bloated? Just - Yeah, a little chunky. 
Spider-Man: Okay. 
Eddie Brock: But you don't have to worry about that, buddy.
J. Jonah Jameson: Parker? Parker, where - ? I need a photographer. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Hey, kid, you want a job? 
Girl with Camera: Why would I wanna job? I'm just a kid. 
J. Jonah Jameson: All right, how much for the camera? 
Girl with Camera: One hundred bucks. 
J. Jonah Jameson: A hundred bucks? 
J. Jonah Jameson: All right, you little crook. Here. 
J. Jonah Jameson: What the - ? 
Girl with Camera: Film's extra.
Aunt May: How's Mary Jane? 
Peter Parker: I don't know. 
Aunt May: I never heard from you. Did you ever propose? 
Peter Parker: You said a husband's gotta put his wife before himself. 
Peter Parker: I'm not ready. 
Aunt May: But what happened? You seemed so sure. 
Peter Parker: Yeah. I, uh... I hurt her, Aunt May. I don't know what to do. 
Aunt May: Well, you start by doing the hardest thing:  You forgive yourself. I believe in you, Peter. You're a good person. And I know you'll find a way to put it right. 
Aunt May: In time.
Flint Marko: End of the line, Spider-Man. 
Venom: Flint Marko: Venom: I want him dead too, Flint. That's why I've been looking for you. Oh, yeah, I know all about you. Like the fact that Spider-Man won't let you help your poor daughter. It's just - That doesn't seem right to me. Look, I want to kill the spider, you wanna kill the spider. Together, he doesn't stand a chance. Interested? 
Flint Marko: Yeah.
Eddie Brock: It's Brock, sir; Edward Brock Jr. I come before you today, humbled and humiliated, to ask you for one thing... I want you to kill Peter Parker.
Houseman: If I may, Sir, I've seen things in this house I've never spoke of... The night your father died, I... I cleaned his wound... the blade that pierced his body came from HIS Glider. I... I know you're trying to defend your fathers' honor, but there is no question that he died by his own hand. I loved your father, as I've loved you, Harry... as your friends love you...
Eddie Brock: Whoa. Buddy, love the new outfit. This is exactly what I need to scoop Parker. Gimme - Give me some of that web action. 
Spider-Man: See ya, chump. 
Eddie Brock: What the hell?
Peter Parker: It's me! Peter Parker! Your friendly neighborhood... You know. I've come a long way from becoming the boy who was bitten by a spider. Back then, nothing seemed to go right for me, and now... 
Kid in Times Square: Hey look, it's Spider-Man! 
Peter Parker: People really like me.
Peter Parker: Harry! I need your help. I can't take them both, not by myself. 
Harry Osborn: You don't deserve my help. 
Peter Parker: Harry... she needs us. 
Harry Osborn: Get out.
Harry Osborn: Would you like a drink? I'm sorry. What was I thinking? Bad for the public image, right, Mr. Key-to-the-City? 
Peter Parker: What did you do to her? 
Harry Osborn: I did what you failed to do. I was there for her. Mary Jane and I, we understand each other. 
Peter Parker: She doesn't know what you are. 
Peter Parker: Peter, she knows me very well. And when she kissed me, it was just like she used to kiss me. That taste... Strawberries.
Peter Parker: I never should have hurt you. And said those things. 
Harry Osborn: None of that matters, Peter. You're my friend. 
Peter Parker: Best friend.
Peter Parker: Hate those things!
Peter Parker: Hey, Mr. Ditkovitch. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: An orange? 
Peter Parker: No, thanks. Listen, I'm really sorry for what happened earlier. I shouldn't have yelled about that door. It was nothing to be angry about. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: Ah, it's no big deal. But if you feel that bad about it, you can buy me pizza some time. Today's good. 
Peter Parker: Okay. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: Problem with the phone? 
Peter Parker: No, no. I was just - Well, I was trying to figure out what to say. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: If it's a woman you're calling, then you say:  "You're good woman. I'm good man..." 
Peter Parker: Mr. Ditkovitch: Hm? 
Ursula: Hi, Pete. 
Peter Parker: Hi. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: He's calling a woman. 
Ursula: Are you calling Mary Jane? I think that would be so good... 
Mr. Ditkovitch: This is none of your business. Go. Go. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: Call.
Mary Jane Watson: Who are you? 
Peter Parker: I don't know...
Harry Osborn: It's a funny feeling, not knowing who you are. I get a bump on the head and I'm free as a bird. 
Mary Jane Watson: Can you bump me on the head? 
Harry Osborn: Bop! 
Mary Jane Watson:
Spider-Man: Flint Marko. 
Spider-Man: Remember Ben Parker? The old man you shot down in cold blood? 
Flint Marko: What does it matter to you, anyway? 
Spider-Man: EVERYTHING!
Eddie Brock: Betty, Betty, bo-Betty, banana-fana, fo-Fetty! 
Miss Brant: He's busy. 
Eddie Brock: Aw, I'm just here to talk to you, beautiful! 
Miss Brant: What's that smell? 
Eddie Brock: Just a little something called 'Nice And Easy', what's on you? 
Miss Brant: It's called 'Go Away'!
New Goblin: If you wanna see Peter alive again, you're gonna do something for me.
Coffee Shop Waitress: How's the pie? 
Harry Osborn: So good...
Maître d': Name, please? 
Peter Parker: Parker, Peter. 
Maître d': Ahh, there we are... table for two, Pecker... 
Peter Parker: Parker... 
Maître d': That is what I said, Pecker!
Spider-Man: Shazam!
Dr. Curt Connors: ...Don't let any of that get on you. 
Peter Parker: Why? 
Dr. Curt Connors: It has the characteristics of a symbiote, which needs to bond to a host in order to survive. And once it binds... it can be hard to UNbind.
Captain Stacy: What's she doing up there? 
Eddie Brock: I don't know. I just saw her last night; she said that she had a modeling gig. 
Captain Stacy: Who are you? 
Eddie Brock: It's Brock, sir, Edward Brock Jr. and I work at the Daily Bugle... and I'm dating your daughter.
Mary Jane Watson: Tell me again. Was I really good? I was so nervous. My knees were shaking. 
Peter Parker: Your knees were fine. 
Mary Jane Watson: The applause wasn't very loud. 
Peter Parker: Yes, it was. Well, it's the acoustics. It's all about diffusion. It keeps the sound waves from grouping. You see when the sound waves, they propogate, then it's like an... 
Mary Jane Watson: You are such a nerd.
Peter Parker: Now dig on this.
Eddie Brock: It's Brock, sir. Edward Brock, Jr.
Crowd: Kiss him! Kiss him! 
Peter Parker: Go ahead. Lay one on me. 
Gwen Stacy: Really? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. They'll love it. 
Boy at Keys to the City Ceremony: Don't do it, Spidey. 
Boy at Keys to the City Ceremony: Ew.
Jennifer Dugan: It's hard to believe what's happening. The brutality of it. I - I don't know how he can take anymore. 
Anchorman: This could be a tragic day for the people of New York. It could be the end of Spider-Man.
Jazz Club Bouncer: Everything okay here Paul? 
Peter Parker: Yeah, everything okay here Paul? 
Jazz Club Manager: Take him out of here. 
Jazz Club Bouncer: Let's go, sir. 
Peter Parker: Take your hands off me.
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: It's a fake. Empire State photographic department confirms it. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Pack your things. Get out of my building. 
Eddie Brock: I was just... 
J. Jonah Jameson: YOU'RE FIRED! 
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: You know we're gonna have to print a retraction now. 
J. Jonah Jameson: I haven't printed a retraction in twenty years!
Mary Jane Watson: We've all done terrible things to each other, but we have to forgive each other. Or everything we ever were will mean nothing.
Peter Parker: We can find a way to settle this. 
Eddie Brock: You're so right. I'm thinking... humiliation. Kind of like how you humiliated me. Do you remember? Do you remember what you did to me? You made me lose my girl. Now I'm gonna make you lose yours. How's that sound, tiger?
Mary Jane Watson: Peter. They're gonna kill us both. 
Spider-Man: I'm gonna get you out of this.
Harry Osborn: Hey Bernard? Do I have any girlfriends? 
Bernard: Not that I know of, sir.
J. Jonah Jameson: Parker! Miss Brant! That's not the position I hired you for!
Mary Jane Watson: Tell me you love me? 
Peter Parker: I love you... I love you so much. I always have.
Ursula: That wasn't cool. 
Mr. Ditkovitch: He's a good boy. He must be in some kind of trouble.
Harry Osborn: They're my best friends. I'd give my life for them.
Jennifer Dugan: There seems to be some kind of activity in the web. They seem to be creating some kind of gigantic lettering. 
Jennifer Dugan: Apparently, Spider-Man's being challenged to some sort of confrontation. And that raises serious questions about what kind of chance he'd stand against such overwhelming...
Eddie Brock: Peter! What are you doing? No! 
Peter Parker: Eddie!
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: Black-suit Spider-Man! We gotta have these, Jonah. 
J. Jonah Jameson: I'll pay you the usual rate. 
Peter Parker: You want the photos, I'll take the staff job. Double the money.
Harry Osborn: Hey, Pete! Am I interrupting?
Peter Parker: Mmm, these are good. You got any with nuts? 
Ursula: No, but I have some nuts, I could... make some... 
Peter Parker: Go make me some.
Peter Parker: This suit, where'd this come from? The power, feels good... But you lose yourself to it...
Norman Osborn: You've taken your eye off the ball... 
Norman Osborn: Remember me! 
Harry Osborn: Yes, Father. I remember. 
Norman Osborn: I was right about you, about Peter... about everything. You know what you must do. Make him suffer, make him wish he were dead. First, we attack his heart!
Mary Jane Watson: That was OUR kiss!
Mary Jane Watson: Do you want to push me away? 
Peter Parker: Push you away? Why would I want to push you away... I love you!
Spider-Man: This thing got any more? 
New Goblin: Hang on! 
Spider-Man: To what?
Mary Jane Watson: Let me ask you something. When you kissed her, who was kissing her? Spider-man, or Peter?
Mary Jane Watson: You know what? I'd like to sing on stage for the rest of my life... with you in the first row. 
Peter Parker: I'll be there.
J. Jonah Jameson: Well, we do have an opening. Johnson quit, remember? 
Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson: You fired him. 
J. Jonah Jameson: Whatever.
Peter Parker: I don't need your help. 
Mary Jane Watson: Everybody needs help sometimes, Peter. Even Spider-Man.
Eddie Brock: What about that amazing... amazing night that we had? 
Gwen Stacy: We had a coffee, Eddie.
Gwen Stacy: I mean who gets kissed by Spider-Man, right? 
Mary Jane Watson: I can't imagine.
Peter Parker: Where do these guys COME from?
New Goblin: If you want Peter to live, you're going to do something for me.
Peter Parker: You want forgiveness? Get religion.
Aunt May: A man needs to put his wife before himself. Can you do that, Peter?
Maître d': I love romance. I am French.
Peter Parker: Good riddance.
Peter Parker: It's me, Peter Parker. Your friendly neighborhood - you know. I've come a long way since I was the boy bit by a spider. Back then nothing seemed to go right for me. Now people really like me. The city is safe and sound. Guess I had a little something to do with that. My uncle Ben would be proud. I still go to school. Top of my class. And I'm in love. With the girl of my dreams.
Spider-Man: I could use some help over here! 
New Goblin: I'm a little busy right now!
Eddie Brock: Hey, Parker.
Peter Parker: This suit, where'd this come from? The power, feels good... But you lose yourself to it...
Peter Parker: This man killed my uncle, and he's still out there!
Harry Osborn: Hope Pete's getting a shot of this.
Peter Parker: I'm gonna put some dirt in your eye.
Spider-Man: It's time to pay, Marko!
Norman Osborn: You've taken your eye off the ball...
Flint Marko: I don't want to hurt you. Leave now. 
Spider-Man: I guess you haven't heard. I'm the sheriff around these parts!
Dr. Curt Connors: It enhances aggression... 
Dr. Curt Connors: It seems to like you.
Emma Marko: You can't hide here, Flint.
Peter Parker: You look beautiful! 
Peter Parker: Peonies 
Peter Parker: You okay? 
Mary Jane Watson: No! There's something I need to tell you right now, Pete! 
Peter Parker: What? 
Mary Jane Watson: 'Tis not working! You and Me! 
Peter Parker: What? 
Mary Jane Watson: I don't wanna see you anymore! 
Peter Parker: You kidding me, right? 
Mary Jane Watson: No! I kid not, Pete! I don't love you anymore! 
Peter Parker: What are you mean! What are you talking about? 
Mary Jane Watson: I'm all alone! I'm lonely and you aren't there for me! It's all over! 
Peter Parker: No! MJ, Please don't say that! I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change! 
Mary Jane Watson: Pete! It is not that simple! 
Peter Parker: But we love each other! I love you! If people have problems don't they sit down and talk it all through together! 
Mary Jane Watson: Peter Parker: MJ! I've got something to show you! 
Mary Jane Watson: What? 
Peter Parker: Look! Do you see this ring? 
Mary Jane Watson: Peter Parker: Do you realise what I've always wanted to do to you? 
Mary Jane Watson: There's someone else! I've fallen for someone else!
Eddie Brock: Hey, Parker.
Aunt May: You must be ready to put her before yourself. Are you ready to do that Peter?
Peter Parker: So, you want some champagne? How'd that get in there? Oh, don't cry.
Mary Jane Watson: The review. 
Peter Parker: Oh! 
Mary Jane Watson: They hated it. They hated me. 
Peter Parker: Well, they can't hate you. 
Mary Jane Watson: The young Miss Watson is a pretty girl, easy on the eyes, but not on the ears. Her small voice didn't carry past the first row. 
Peter Parker: That's ridiculous! I was right there. 
Mary Jane Watson: You were in the first row. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, but that's - listen. You were great. That's a critic. This is something you're gonna have to get used to. Believe me, I know. Spider-Man gets attacked all the time. 
Mary Jane Watson: This isn't about you. This is about me. It's about my career. 
Peter Parker: I know, and I'm just saying, you can't let it, you can't let it bring you down. You just gotta believe in yourself and you pull yourself together. You get right back on the horse. 
Mary Jane Watson: Don't give me the horse thing! Try to understand how I feel. 
Mary Jane Watson: It's just, I look at these words, and it's like my father wrote them.
Girl at the Final Battle: Look! 
Crowd: Spider-Man! Spider-Man! Spider-Man! 
Jennifer Dugan: He seems to have come out of nowhere to answer the prayers of the city, just when all hope seemed to be lost.
Jennifer Dugan: It's hard to believe what's happening. The brutality of it. I-I don't know how he can take any more. 
Anchorman: This could be a tragic day for the people of New York. It could be the end of Spider-Man. 
Boy at the Final Battle: Awesome! 
Boy at the Final Battle: Wicked cool!
Tony Stark: There's been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred on the freeway and the rooftop... 
Christine Everheart: I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that conveniently appeared, despite the fact that... 
Tony Stark: I know that it's confusing. It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a superhero. 
Christine Everheart: I never said you were a superhero. 
Tony Stark: Didn't? 
Christine Everheart: Mmm-mmm. 
Tony Stark: Well, good, because that would be outlandish and, uh, fantastic. I'm just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public. 
Rhodey: Just stick to the cards, man. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, okay. 
Tony Stark: The truth is... 
Tony Stark: I am Iron Man.
Tony Stark: You got a family? 
Yinsen: Yes, and I will see them when I leave here. And you, Stark? 
Tony Stark: No. 
Yinsen: So you're a man who has everything... and nothing.
Tony Stark: Iron Man. That's kind of catchy. It's got a nice ring to it. I mean it's not technically accurate. The suit's a gold titanium alloy, but it's kind of provocative, the imagery anyway.
Tony Stark: We gotta go. Come on, move with me. We got a plan, and we're going to stick to it. 
Yinsen: This was always the plan, Stark... 
Tony Stark: Come on, you're going to go see your family. Get up. 
Yinsen: My family is dead, Stark... and I'm going to see them now. It's okay, I want this... I want this. 
Tony Stark: Thank you for saving me. 
Yinsen: Don't waste it... don't waste your life, Stark.
Tony Stark: Day 11, Test 37, Configuration 2.0. For lack of a better option, Dummy is still on fire safety. 
Tony Stark: If you douse me again, and I'm not on fire, I'm donating you to a city college. Seriously, we're just gonna start off with 1% thrust capacity. And three... two... one. 
Tony Stark: Please don't follow me around with it either because I feel like I'm going to catch on fire spontaneously. Just stand down. If something happens, then come in.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, you know that I would help you with anything, but I cannot help you if you're going to start all this again. 
Tony Stark: There is nothing except this. There's no art opening, no charity, nothing to sign. There's the next mission, and nothing else. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Is that so? Well, then I quit. 
Tony Stark: You stood by my side all these years while I reaped the benefits of destruction. Now that I'm trying to protect the people I've put in harm's way, you're going to walk out? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You're going to kill yourself, Tony. I'm not going to be a part of it. 
Tony Stark: I shouldn't be alive... unless it was for a reason. I'm not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it's right.
William Ginter Riva: Mr. Stane. Sir, we've explored what you've asked us and it seems as though there's a little hiccup. Actually, um... 
Obadiah Stane: A hiccup? 
William Ginter Riva: Yes, to power the suit... sir, the technology doesn't actually exist. So it... 
Obadiah Stane: Wait, wait, the technology? 
Obadiah Stane: William... 
Obadiah Stane: Here is the technology. I've asked you to simply make it smaller. 
William Ginter Riva: All right, sir, that's what we're trying to do, but... honestly, it's impossible. 
Obadiah Stane: Tony Stark was able to build this in a cave! With a box of scraps! 
William Ginter Riva: Well, I'm sorry. I'm not Tony Stark.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I have your clothes here; they've been dry cleaned and pressed. And there's a car waiting for you outside that will take you anywhere you'd like to go. 
Christine Everheart: You must be the famous Pepper Potts. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Indeed I am. 
Christine Everheart: After all these years, Tony still has you picking up the dry cleaning. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I do anything and everything Mr. Stark requires. Including occasionally taking out the trash. Will that be all?
Tony Stark: They say that the best weapon is the one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once. That's how Dad did it, that's how America does it, and it's worked out pretty well so far. I present to you the newest in Stark Industries' Freedom line. Find an excuse to let one of these off the chain, and I personally guarantee, the bad guys won't even wanna come out of their caves. Ladies and gentlemen, for your consideration... the Jericho.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What is going on here? 
Tony Stark: Let's face it, this is not the worst thing you've caught me doing. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Are those bullet holes?
Christine Everheart: Mr. Stark! Christine Everheart, Vanity Fair magazine. Can I ask you a couple of questions? 
Hogan: She's cute. 
Tony Stark: She's alright. 
Tony Stark: Hi! 
Christine Everheart: Hi. 
Tony Stark: Yeah. Okay, go. 
Christine Everheart: You've been called the Da Vinci of our time. What do you say to that? 
Tony Stark: Absolutely ridiculous. I don't paint. 
Christine Everheart: And what do you say to your other nickname, the Merchant of Death? 
Tony Stark: That's not bad. Let me guess... Berkeley? 
Christine Everheart: Brown, actually. 
Tony Stark: Well, Ms. Brown. It's an imperfect world, but it's the only one we got. I guarantee you the day weapons are no longer needed to keep the peace, I'll start making bricks and beams for baby hospitals. 
Christine Everheart: Rehearse that much? 
Tony Stark: Every night in front of the mirror before bedtime. 
Christine Everheart: I can see that. 
Tony Stark: I'd like to show you firsthand. 
Christine Everheart: All I'm looking for is a straight answer. 
Tony Stark: OK, here's a straight answer. My old man had a philosophy:  peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy. 
Christine Everheart: That's a great line, coming from a guy selling the sticks. 
Tony Stark: My father helped defeat Nazis. He worked on the Manhattan Project. A lot of people, including your professors at Brown, would call that being a hero. 
Christine Everheart: And a lot of people would also call that war-profiteering. 
Tony Stark: Tell me, do you plan to report on the millions we've saved by advancing medical technology or kept from starvation with our intelli-crops? All those breakthroughs, military funding, honey. 
Christine Everheart: Have you ever lost an hour of sleep in your life? 
Tony Stark: I'm be prepared to lose a few with you.
Tony Stark: What are you trying to get rid of me for? You got plans? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: As a matter of fact, I do. 
Tony Stark: I don't like it when you have plans. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I'm allowed to have plans on my birthday. 
Tony Stark: It's your birthday? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Yes. 
Tony Stark: I knew that. Already? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Yeah, isn't that strange? It's the same day as last year. 
Tony Stark: Well, get yourself something nice for me. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I already did. 
Tony Stark: Yeah? And? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh, it's very nice... very tasteful. Thank you, Mr. Stark. 
Tony Stark: You're welcome, Ms. Potts.
Tony Stark: Am I making you uncomfortable? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh, no, I always forget to wear deodorant and dance with my boss in a room full of people I work with in a dress with no back. 
Tony Stark: Well, you look great, you smell great. But I could fire you if that would take the edge off. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I don't think you could tie your shoes without me. 
Tony Stark: I'd make it a week. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: A week, really? What's your social security number? 
Tony Stark: Tony Stark: Five... 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: "Five?" You're missing just a couple of digits. 
Tony Stark: Right, the other eight. Well, I have you for the other eight.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Don't ever, ever, ever, ask me to do anything like that, ever again! 
Tony Stark: I don't have anyone but you.
Tony Stark: I feel like you're driving me to court martial. This is crazy. What did I do? I feel like you're gonna pull over and snuff me. What, you're not allowed to talk? Hey, Forrest! 
Jimmy: We can talk, sir. 
Tony Stark: Oh, I see. So it's personal. 
Ramirez: No, you intimidate them. 
Tony Stark: Good God, you're a woman! I honestly, I couldn't have called that. I mean, I would apologize, but isn't that what we're going for here? I thought of you as a soldier first. 
Ramirez: I'm an airman. 
Tony Stark: Well, you have actually excellent bone structure there. I'm kinda having a hard time not looking at you now. Is that weird?
Rhodey: Oh, my God, you crazy son of a bitch! You owe me a plane, you know that, right? 
Tony Stark: Yeah, well, technically he hit me, so...
Tony Stark: Hmmm. Your eyes are red. Tears for your long lost boss? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tears of joy. I hate job hunting. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, well, vacation's over.
Tony Stark: Evening, JARVIS! 
Jarvis: Welcome home, sir... 
Nick Fury: "I am Iron Man". You think you're the only superhero in the world? Mr. Stark, you've become part of a bigger universe. You just don't know it yet. 
Tony Stark: Who the hell are you? 
Nick Fury: Nick Fury. Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. 
Tony Stark: Ah. 
Nick Fury: I'm here to talk to you about the Avenger Initiative.
Yinsen: We met, you know, in a technical conference in Bern. 
Tony Stark: I don't remember. 
Yinsen: Of course not. If I had been that drunk, I wouldn't have been able to stand, let alone give a lecture on integrated circuits.
Tony Stark: Okay now, the copper wire - you got it? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Yeah, I've got it. 
Tony Stark: Now pull it out, gently, and just make sure you don't touch the s... 
Tony Stark: AH! - i-i-i-des! 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Sorry, I'm sorry! 
Tony Stark: Don't touch the sides, that's what I was trying to tell you before. Now, just gently pull that out, and whatever you do, don't pull out the... 
Tony Stark: The magnet at the end of it. See, that was it. You just... 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What? 
Tony Stark: What I was trying to tell you - no, don't put it back in! Just put it over there, we have to hurry... 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What's wrong? 
Tony Stark: Oh, nothing, I'm just going into cardiac arrest, because you... 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: *What*? I thought you said this was safe! 
Tony Stark: ...just yanked it out like a trout!
Tony Stark: Pepper, uh, how big are your hands? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What? 
Tony Stark: How big are your hands? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I don't understand why... 
Tony Stark: Get down here. I need you.
Tony Stark: Yeah, I can fly.
Tony Stark: Hey. Ow,Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah. 
Jarvis: It is a tight fit sir. 
Tony Stark: Hey, Ah. 
Jarvis: Sir the more you struggle the more this is going to hurt 
Tony Stark: Be gentle. This is my first time. 
Tony Stark: I designed this to come off, so... hey. I really should be able to... 
Jarvis: Please, try not to move sir. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Whats going on here? 
Tony Stark: Lets face it. This is not the worst thing you've caught me doing. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Are those bullet holes?
Agent Phil Coulson: Mr. Stark. 
Tony Stark: Yeah? 
Agent Phil Coulson: Agent Coulson. 
Tony Stark: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, the guy from the... 
Agent Phil Coulson: Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. 
Tony Stark: Whew! God, you really need a new name for that. 
Agent Phil Coulson: Yeah, I hear that a lot.
Tony Stark: If I were Iron Man, I'd have this girlfriend who knew my true identity. She'd be a wreck. She'd always be worrying I was going to die, yet so proud of the man I've become. She'd be wildly conflicted, which would only make her more crazy about me...
Rhodey: That's the coolest thing I've ever seen. 
Tony Stark: Not bad, huh?
Jarvis: Yes. Shall I render using proposed specifications? 
Tony Stark: Thrill me. 
Jarvis: The render is complete. 
Tony Stark: A little ostentatious, don't you think? 
Jarvis: What was I thinking? You're usually so discreet. 
Tony Stark: Tell you what. Throw a little hotrod red in there. 
Jarvis: Yes, that should help you keep a low profile. The render is complete. 
Tony Stark: Hey, I like it. Fabricate it. Paint it. 
Jarvis: Commencing automated assembly. Estimated completion time is five hours. 
Tony Stark: Don't wait up for me, honey.
Yinsen: He wants you to build the Jericho missile. He has everything you need here, he wants you to begin immediately. After it is completed, he will set you free. 
Tony Stark: No, he won't. 
Yinsen: No, he won't.
Tony Stark: My turn.
Agent Phil Coulson: I'm Agent Phil Coulson with the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: That's quite a mouthful. 
Agent Phil Coulson: I know. We're working on it.
Jarvis: Test complete. Preparing to power down and begin diagnostics... 
Tony Stark: Uh, yeah, tell you what. Do a weather and ATC check, start listening in on ground control. 
Jarvis: Sir, there are still terabytes of calculations required before an actual flight is... 
Tony Stark: Jarvis... sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.
Tony Stark: This looks important!
Tony Stark: Good boy...
Yinsen: Did you see that? Those are YOUR weapons... in the hands of those murderers! Is this what you want? Is this what you wish the legacy of the great Tony Stark to be? 
Tony Stark: I shouldn't do anything. They could kill you, they're gonna kill me, either way, and even if they don't, I'll probably be dead in a week. 
Yinsen: Then this is a very important week for you, isn't it?
Obadiah Stane: You had a great idea, Tony, but my suit is more advanced in every way! 
Tony Stark: How'd you solve the icing problem? 
Obadiah Stane: Icing problem? 
Tony Stark: Might want to look into it.
Tony Stark: Time to hit the button! 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You told me not to... 
Tony Stark: JUST DO IT! 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: YOU'LL DIE! 
Tony Stark: PUSH IT!
Tony Stark: Okay, let's do this right. Start mark, half a meter and to the right. Dummy, look alive, you're on standby for fire safety. You, roll it. Activate hand controls... okay, we're gonna start off nice and easy. See if 10% thrust capacity achieves lift. In three... two... one...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Agent Coulson, I just wanted to say thank you very much for all of your help. 
Agent Phil Coulson: That's what we do. You'll be hearing from us. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: From the Strategic Homeland... 
Agent Phil Coulson: Just call us S.H.I.E.L.D.
Tony Stark: I never got to say goodbye to my father. There's questions I would've asked him. I would've asked him how he felt about what his company did, if he was conflicted, if he ever had doubts. Or maybe he was every inch of man we remember from the newsreels. I saw young Americans killed by the very weapons I created to defend them and protect them. And I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero-accountability. 
Press Reporter #1: Mr. Stark! What happened over there? 
Tony Stark: I had my eyes opened. I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries.
Tony Stark: You're kidding me with the hand up, right? 
Jimmy: Is it cool if I take a picture with you? 
Tony Stark: Yes, it's very cool. 
Tony Stark: I don't want to see this on your myspace page. Please no gang signs. 
Tony Stark: No, throw it up. I'm kidding. Yeah, peace. I love peace. I'd be out of a job for peace.
Tony Stark: We have to hurry. Take this, take this... 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Okay, okay... 
Tony Stark: Now you have to take this wire and attach it to the base plate, there. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Okay... Tony? 
Tony Stark: What? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, it's gonna be okay. 
Tony Stark: Is it? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: It's gonna be okay. I-I am gonna make this okay. 
Tony Stark: Let's hope. 
Tony Stark: YAAA-OOOOOW...! 
Tony Stark: Was that so hard? That was fun, right?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You're all I have too, you know.
Obadiah Stane: How ironic, Tony! Trying to rid the world of weapons, you gave it its best one ever! And now, I'm going to kill you with it!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I thought you said you were done making weapons? 
Tony Stark: It isn't. This is a flight stabilizer. It's completely harmless. 
Tony Stark: I didn't expect that.
Blonde Girl: Tony! Remember me? 
Tony Stark: Sure don't.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: "Proof that Tony Stark has a heart."
Rhodey: Next time, baby.
Obadiah Stane: When I ordered the hit on you, I was worried that I was killing the golden goose. But, you see, it was just fate that you survived it, leaving one last golden egg to give. You really think that just because you have an idea, it belongs to you? Your father, he helped give us the atomic bomb. Now what kind of world would it be today if he was as selfish as you?
Tony Stark: He's all yours.
Tony Stark: To Peace.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You are supposed to be halfway around the world by now. 
Tony Stark: How'd she take it? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Like a champ. 
Tony Stark: Why are you trying to hustle me out of here? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Your flight was scheduled to leave an hour and a half ago. 
Tony Stark: It's funny, I though with it being my plane and all that it would just wait for me. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, I need to speak to you about a couple of things before I get you out... 
Tony Stark: I mean, doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What do you want me to do with this? 
Tony Stark: That? Destroy it. Incinerate it. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You don't want to keep it? 
Tony Stark: Pepper, I've been called many things. Nostalgic is not one of them.
Tony Stark: Where'd you get that dress? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: It was a birthday present... from you, actually. 
Tony Stark: I got great taste, don't I? You, uh, wanna dance? 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh, no, thank you. 
Tony Stark: All right, come on.
Jarvis: Sir, it appears his suit can fly. 
Tony Stark: Duly noted. Take me to maximum altitude. 
Jarvis: With only 19% power, the odds of reaching that altitude... 
Tony Stark: I know the math! Do it!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Will that be all, Mr. Stark? 
Tony Stark: Yes, that will be all, Miss. Potts.
Yinsen: That doesn't look like the Jericho missile. 
Tony Stark: That's because it is a miniaturized arc reactor. I've got a big one powering my factory at home. 
Yinsen: What will it generate? 
Tony Stark: If my math is right - and it always is - three gigajoules per second. 
Yinsen: That could run your heart for fifty lifetimes! 
Tony Stark: Yeah... or something big for fifteen minutes.
Obadiah Stane: I've never really had a taste for this kind of thing, but I must admit I'm deeply enjoying the suit!
Tony Stark: What's better, winning all that money or not caring about it?
Rhodey: Hello. 
Tony Stark: Hi, Rhodey, its me. 
Rhodey: It's who? 
Tony Stark: Oh, I'm sorry, it is ME. You asked. What your asking about, it's me. 
Rhodey: No, you see, this isn't a game. You do not send civilian equipment into my active war zone. You understand that? 
Tony Stark: It's not a piece of equipment, I'm in it! Its a suit! It's ME!
Tony Stark: Looking great, Hef.
Tony Stark: What the hell did you do to me? 
Yinsen: What I did is to save your life. That is an electromagnet, hooked up to a car battery. I removed as much shrapnel from your chest as I could, but there are still some pieces left. I've seen plenty of injuries like that. In my village we call those casualties "the walking dead," because they take about a week to reach your heart.
Raza: Compliments of Tony Stark. 
Obadiah Stane: If you'd killed him when you were supposed to, you'd still have a face.
Rhodey: Three hours! Three hours you've kept me standing here! 
Tony Stark: Waiting on you now.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh... ah... EWW, there's pus! 
Tony Stark: It's not pus. It's an inorganic plasmic discharge. It's from the device, not my body. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: It smells! 
Tony Stark: Yeah, it does.
Tony Stark: Give me a scotch. I'm starving.
Rhodey: Hey Tony. 
Tony Stark: I'm sorry. This is the fun-vee. The hum-drum-vee is back there.
Agent Phil Coulson: This isn't my first rodeo, Mr. Stark.
Rhodey: You need me to do anything else? 
Tony Stark: Keep the skies clear.
Obadiah Stane: We're iron mongers, we make weapons.
Christine Everheart: Is this what you call accountability? 
Tony Stark: When were these taken? 
Christine Everheart: Yesterday. 
Tony Stark: I didn't authorize this. 
Christine Everheart: Well, your company did. 
Tony Stark: Well I'm not my company!
Obadiah Stane: For thirty years, I've been holding you up! I built this company up from nothing! Nothing's gonna stand in my way - least of all, *you*!
Christine Everheart: Well, Tony Stark! 
Tony Stark: Oh, hey. 
Christine Everheart: Fancy seeing you here. 
Tony Stark: Carrie. 
Christine Everheart: Christine. 
Tony Stark: That's right. 
Christine Everheart: You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight. Can I at least get a reaction from you? 
Tony Stark: Panic. I would say panic is my reaction. 
Christine Everheart: I was referring to your company's involvement in this latest atrocity. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, they just put my name on the invitation, I don't know what to tell you.
Tony Stark: Okay, this is where I don't want to be.
Rhodey: What the hell is that noise? 
Tony Stark: I'm driving with the top down. 
Rhodey: Well, I need your help right now. 
Tony Stark: Funny how that works, huh? 
Rhodey: Yeah. Speaking of funny, we got a weapons depot that was just blown up a few klicks from where you were being held. 
Tony Stark: Well, I'd say that's a hot spot. Sounds... 
Tony Stark: ...sounds like someone stepped in and did your job for you. 
Rhodey: Why do you sound out of breath? 
Tony Stark: I'm not. I was just jogging in the canyon. 
Rhodey: I thought you were driving. 
Tony Stark: Right, I was driving... to the canyon... where I'm gonna jog. 
Rhodey: You sure you don't have any tech in that area I should know about? 
Tony Stark: Nope. 
Rhodey: Good, because I'm looking at something right now and we're about to blow it to kingdom come.
Obadiah Stane: Technology. That's always been your Achilles heel in this part of the world. Don't worry, it'll only last for fifteen minutes. 
Obadiah Stane: That's the least of your problems.
Obadiah Stane: Like what? Make baby bottles?
Tony Stark: I just want you to reach in, and gently lift the wire out. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Is it safe? 
Tony Stark: Yeah. It should be fine. It's just like Operation, just don't let it touch the socket. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What do you mean, Operation? 
Tony Stark: It's just a game, never mind. Just gently lift the wire, okay? All right... 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You know, I... uh... I don't think that I'm qualified to do that. 
Tony Stark: No, no. You're fine. You are the most capable, qualified, trustworthy person I've ever met, you'll do great. Is it too much to ask? 'Cause I really need your help here.
Obadiah Stane: Impressive! You've upgraded your armor! I've made some upgrades of my own... 
Jarvis: Sir, it appears his suit can fly. 
Tony Stark: Duly noted.
Agent Phil Coulson: Looks like you were right, he was building a suit. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I thought it'd be bigger...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I would like a vodka martini, please. 
Tony Stark: Okay. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Very dry, with olives, a lot of olives. Like, at least three olives. 
Tony Stark: Two vodka martinis, extra dry, extra olives, extra... fast.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, you have to go to the hospital. The doctor has to look at you. 
Tony Stark: I don't have to do anything. I've been in captivity for three months. There are two things I want to do. One, I want an American cheeseburger, and the other... 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: That's enough of that. 
Tony Stark: It's not what you think. I want you to call for a press conference. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Call for a press conference? What on earth for? 
Tony Stark: Hogan, drive. Cheeseburger first, then press conference.
Obadiah Stane: Shame you had to bring Pepper into this. I would have preferred she live...
Obadiah Stane: You ripped out my targeting system... Hold still, you little prick!
Pratt: Is it true that you went twelve-for-twelve with the Maxim Girls last year? 
Tony Stark: That is an excellent question. Yes and no. March and I had a scheduling conflict but fortunately the Christmas cover was twins.
Tony Stark: Why aren't you wearing those pajamas I got you? 
Obadiah Stane: Good night, Tony...
Obadiah Stane: I love this suit! 
Tony Stark: Put 'em down! 
Obadiah Stane: Collateral damage, Tony!
Tony Stark: Potts. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, are you okay? 
Tony Stark: Listen to me. We have to overload the arc reactor and blast the roof. 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Well, how are you going to do that? 
Tony Stark: YOU're going to do it! Go to the central console, open up all the circuits. When I get clear, I'll let you know, and then you hit the master bypass button.
Rhodey: As liaison to Stark Industries, I have a unique privilege of serving with a real patriot. He is my friend, and he is my great mentor. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to present this year's Apogee Award to Mr. Tony Stark! 
Rhodey: Tony? 
Obadiah Stane: Thank you, Colonel. This is beautiful. Thank you all very much. This is wonderful. Well, I'm not Tony Stark. 
Obadiah Stane: But if I were Tony, I would tell you how honored I feel, and what a joy it is to receive this very prestigious award. Tony, you know, the best thing about Tony is also the worst thing - he's always working.
Yinsen: Do as I do.
Rhodey: How was the fun-vee? Next time you ride with me, okay?
Tony Stark: How'd it go? 
Tony Stark: Oh, that bad, huh? 
Obadiah Stane: Just because I brought pizza back from New York doesn't mean it went bad.
Tony Stark: I got stuck doing a piece for Vanity Fair.
Tony Stark: Whatcha readin'... platypus? 
Rhodey: Nothin'. 
Tony Stark: Come on sour patch. 
Rhodey: I told you I'm not sour... 
Tony Stark: ...don't be mad... 
Rhodey: ...i'm not mad, i'm indifferent, ok. 
Tony Stark: I said I was sorry. 
Rhodey: You don't need to apologize to me cause I'm not mad. 
Stewardess: Good morning Mr. Stark. 
Tony Stark: Hi, I said I was sorry. 
Rhodey: ...i'm just indifferent right now. 
Stewardess: Hot towel? 
Rhodey: You don't respect yourself so I know you don't respect me... 
Tony Stark: ...I respect you... 
Tony Stark: ...so I'm just your baby sitter. so when you need your diaper changed 
Tony Stark: thank you 
Tony Stark: let me know and I'll get you a bottle, ok? 
Tony Stark: Hey! Heat up the saki will ya? Thanks for reminding me. 
Rhodey: I'm not talkin about a... we're not drinking we're working right now. 
Rhodey: You are institutionally incapable of being responsible. 
Tony Stark: It would be irresponsible NOT to drink. I'm just talking about a night cap here. 
Stewardess: Hot saki? 
Tony Stark: Yes, 2 please. 
Rhodey: No... just... I'm not drinking. I don't want any. 
Rhodey: That's what I'm talking about, when I get up in the morning and I'm puttin on my uniform you know what I recognize? I see in the mirror that every person with this uniform on, GOT MY BACK! 
Tony Stark: you know, i'm not... i'm not... like you... aren't you just a little distracted right now? 
Rhodey: you don't have to be like me, but you can be more and you just don't see it. No I can't be distracted right now!
Iron Monger: Where do you think you're going? 
Iron Monger: Your services are no longer required.
Obadiah Stane: So that's how he did it... 
Raza: Tony Stark has created the ultimate weapon:  a masterpiece of death. A man with a dozen of these could rule all of Asia.
Tony Stark: Attitude control is a little sluggish above 15,000 meters, I'm guessing icing is the probable cause. 
Jarvis: A very astute observation, sir. Perhaps, if you intend to visit other planets, we should improve the exosystems. 
Tony Stark: Connect to the sys. co. Have it reconfigure the shell metals. Use the gold titanium alloy from the seraphim tactical satellite. That should ensure a fuselage integrity while while maintaining power-to-weight ratio. Got it?
Tony Stark: Sheesh o besh. 
Yinsen: Good roll.
Tony Stark: We're gonna let it ride! Give me a hand, will you? Give me a little something-something. 
Tony Stark: Okay, you too. 
Rhodey: I don't blow on a man's dice. 
Tony Stark: Come on, honey bear. 
Tony Stark: There it is. Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes rolls! And... 
Dealer at Craps Table: Two craps. Line away. 
Rhodey: That's what happens. 
Tony Stark: Worse things have happened.
Tony Stark: I thought I lost you back there! 
Hogan: You did, sir.
Rhodey: The future of air combat... Is it manned, or unmanned? I'll tell you in my experience, no unmanned aerial vehicle will ever trump a pilot's instinct.
Tony Stark: I think you got a lot of my weapons.
Rhodey: Not necessary, people. Just a training exercise.
Tony Stark: Not bad.
Iron Monger: I love this suit!
Tony Stark: Gimme a gun! Gimme a gun!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Obadiah, he-he's gone insane! 
Tony Stark: I know! 
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: He-he built a suit! 
Tony Stark: Listen, you'd better get out of there! Just get out-! 
Obadiah Stane: Where do you think you're going?
Tony Stark: Okay, let's see what this thing can do. What's SR-71's record? 
Jarvis: The altitude record for fixed wing flight is 85,000 feet, sir. 
Tony Stark: Records are made to be broken! Come on!
Obadiah Stane: A new generation of weapons... with this at its heart.
Rhodey: What's with the lovin'?
Raza: The bow and arrow once was the pinnacle of weapons technology. It was used by Genghis Khan to forge an empire that stretched across Asia, from the wintry woods of Ukraine to the Eastern shores of Korea. Now, whoever holds the weapons manufactured by Stark Industries rules the world... and soon, it will be MY turn.
Major Allen: Mark your position and return to base. 
Viper 1: Roger that, Ballroom. 
Viper 1: On your belly! It looks like a man! Shake him off! Roll! Roll!
Tony Stark: Speaking of manned or unmanned, you gotta get him to tell you about the time he guessed wrong at Spring Break... just remember that. Spring Break, 1987. 
Rhodey: Don't do that. 
Tony Stark: That lovely lady... 
Rhodey: Don't do that. 
Tony Stark: ...what was his name? 
Rhodey: Don't do that. 
Tony Stark: Was it Ivan? 
Rhodey: Don't do that. They'll believe you.
Tony Stark: I was doing a piece for Vanity Fair.
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Reload... 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Reload... 
Tony Stark: The smell of stale beer... and defeat. You know, I hate to say "I told you so," but that Super-Soldier project *WAS* put on ice for a reason. I've always felt that hardware was much more reliable. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Stark. 
Tony Stark: General. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: You always wear such nice suits. 
Tony Stark: Touché. I hear you have an unusual problem. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: You should talk! 
Tony Stark: You should listen. What if I told you we were putting a team together? 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Who's "we"?
Betty Ross: Asshole! 
Bruce Banner: You know, I know a few techniques that could help you manage that anger effectively. 
Betty Ross: You zip it. We're walking. 
Bruce Banner: Ok.
Bruce Banner: Don't make me hungry. You wouldn't like me when I'm hungry. 
Tough Guy Leader: What the hell he is talking about?
Bruce Banner: Oh, shit!
Betty Ross: The subway is probably quickest. 
Bruce Banner: Me in a metal tube, deep underground with hundreds of people in the most aggressive city in the world? 
Betty Ross: Right. Let's get a cab.
Abomination: General... Any last words? 
The Incredible Hulk: Hulk... SMASH!
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: How are you feeling? 
Emil Blonsky: Pissed off, and ready for round three.
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Use that thing, soldier. Give him some help! 
Helicopter Soldier: Which one? 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Help the green one, dammit! Which one do you think? Cut the other one in half!
The Incredible Hulk: Betty.
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: You did the right thing, calling us. Leonard, I need to know where they're going. She'll be in incredible danger as long as she's with him. 
Leonard: From who? He protected her. You almost killed her. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: I give you my word, her safety is my main concern at this point. 
Leonard: You know, it's a point of professional pride for me that I can tell when somebody's lying. And you are. 
Leonard: I don't know where he's going. I know she'll help him if she can. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Then she's aiding a fugitive. And I can't help either one of them. 
Leonard: I used to wonder why she never talked about you. Now I know. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Where does she meet these guys?
Major Kathleen 'Kat' Sparr: Here's something interesting. It's a possible gamma sickness. Milwaukee. A man drank one of those guarana sodas. Guess it had a little more kick than he was looking for. 
Milwaukee Man Drinking From Bottle: Wow.
Soldier #2: How are you feeling, man? 
Emil Blonsky: Like a monster.
Samuel Sterns: WHY are you always hitting people?
Bruce Banner: Don't make me... hungry. You wouldn't like me when I'm... hungry. 
Bruce Banner: Uh... that's not right.
The Incredible Hulk: Leave me alone.
Bruce Banner: We can't do this. 
Betty Ross: It's okay. I want to. 
Bruce Banner: No. No. I can't. I can't get too excited.
Betty Ross: What is it like? When it happens, what do you experience? 
Bruce Banner: Remember those experiments we volunteered for at Harvard? Those induced hallucination? It's a lot like that, just a thousand times amplified. It's like someone poured a litre of acid into my brain. 
Betty Ross: Do you remember anything? 
Bruce Banner: Just fragments. Images. There's too much noise. I can never derive anything out of it. 
Betty Ross: But then it's still YOU inside of it. 
Bruce Banner: No. No, it's not. 
Betty Ross: I don't know. In the cave, I really felt like it knew me. Maybe your mind is in there, it's just overcharged and can't process what's happening. 
Bruce Banner: I don't want to control it. I want to get rid of it.
Major Kathleen 'Kat' Sparr: Are you telling me you can make more like him? 
Samuel Sterns: No! Not yet. I sorted out a few pieces, but it's not like I can put together the same Humpty Dumpty if that's what you're asking. He was a freak accident! The goal is to it better! 
Major Kathleen 'Kat' Sparr: So Banner's the only... 
Emil Blonsky: She's an annoying bitch. 
Samuel Sterns: Why are you always hitting people? 
Samuel Sterns: Now what possibly could I have done to deserve such aggression? 
Emil Blonsky: It's not what you've done. It's what you're gonna do. I want what you got out of Banner. I want that. 
Samuel Sterns: You look like you've got a little something in you already, don't you? 
Emil Blonsky: I want more. You've seen what he becomes, right? 
Samuel Sterns: I have. And it's beautiful. Godlike. 
Emil Blonsky: Well, I want that. I need that. Make me that. 
Samuel Sterns: I don't know what you've got inside you already. The mix could be an abomination. 
Samuel Sterns: I didn't say I was unwilling. I just need informed consent. And you've given it.
Emil Blonsky: Forgive me, sir? Doesn't anybody want to talk about what went down in there? 'Cause... He didn't lose us. And he was not alone sir. We had him. And then something hit us... Something BIG hit us! It threw a forklift truck like it was a SOFTBALL! It was the most powerful thing I've ever seen. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Well, it's gone. 
Emil Blonsky: Well, if Banner knows what it is, I'm gonna track him down, I'm gonna put my foot on his throat, and I'm gonna... 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: That was Banner. IT was Banner. 
Emil Blonsky: You have to explain that statement, sir. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: No I don't. You've done a good job. Pack up and get our men on a plane. We're going home.
Bruce Banner: Stan, I give you my word. Whatever you've heard about me, it's not true. 
Stanley: Oh, I know it. I always knew it. I mean, you know how I felt about you two. 
Stanley: Have you talked to her? 
Bruce Banner: No. She doesn't know that I'm here. 
Bruce Banner: She's with somebody? 
Stanley: Yeah, He's a head-shrink. They say he's one of the best. But a really nice guy. 
Bruce Banner: Oh... Good. That's good. 
Stanley: Bruce. What can I do to help you? 
Bruce Banner: I could use a bed for a few nights. 
Stanley: Ah. You can have the spare room upstairs. 
Bruce Banner: That'd be so great. 
Bruce Banner: There's, uh, there's one other thing...
Abomination: Give me a REAL fight!
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: You must realize that what I'm about to tell you is very sensitive, both to me and to the Army. You know that we have a Bio-Force Department, and that we had a bio-force enhancement research project developed during World War II... 
Emil Blonsky: A Super-Soldier. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: A simplification, but yes. We decided to dust it off, and give it another go, aiming to create the better soldier. Banner's work was very early-phase. It wasn't even weapons application, he thought he was working on radiation resistance. I would never have told him what it was really for, but he was so sure about what he was doing he tested it on himself. And something went very wrong... or it went very right.
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: As far as I'm concerned, that man's whole body is property of the U.S. army.
Samuel Sterns: ... This is what I was trying to explain... I don't know what you've been ladling into yourself... Let's assume you don't understand a word I'm saying... but if you'll just get back on the table... I can... fix this...
Emil Blonsky: A girlfriend? She helps him, maybe? 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: She is no longer a factor, we closed those doors to him a long time ago. He's alone. He wants to be alone.
Emil Blonsky: I've had missions go wrong, and seen good people go down, all because someone didn't tell them what they were walking into. I moved on because that's the job, and that's what we do. But this... this is a whole new level of weird, and I don't think I want to step away from it. Sir, if you're going to take another crack at him, I want in. And with respect, sir, you'll need a team that's prepared and ready to fight, because if that thing shows up again... you're going to have a lot of professional tough guys pissing in their pants, sir.
Major Kathleen 'Kat' Sparr: Sir, Blonsky... 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Does anyone know if he has any next-of-kin or family? 
Major Kathleen 'Kat' Sparr: Ask him yourself... 
Emil Blonsky: Sir!
Emil Blonsky: Well... Is that it? 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: Blonsky, pull back now! 
Emil Blonsky: Is that all you've got? 
The Incredible Hulk: Grrr...
Emil Blonsky: Is that it? Is that all you've got?
Emil Blonsky: Where is it? Show it to me! 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: If you've taken it from me, I'm going to put you in a hole for the rest of your life.
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: How old are you, Blonsky, forty-five? 
Emil Blonsky: Thirty-nine. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: That takes a toll, doesn't it? 
Emil Blonsky: Yes, it does. 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: So get out of the trenches. You should be a Colonel by now, with your record. 
Emil Blonsky: No, sir, I'm a fighter, and I'll be one for as long as I can. Mind you, if I took what I had now, and put it in a body that I had ten years ago, that would be someone I wouldn't want to fight 
Gen. Thaddeus 'Thunderbolt' Ross: I think I can arrange something like that...
Bruce Banner: Stop. Please. Me... angry... very bad. 
Tough Guy Leader: *You* bad angry, "G"? I very bad angry. 
Bruce Banner: Oh, no. You don't understand! Something very bad is about to happen here!
Abomination: You don't deserve this power. Now watch her DIE!
Samuel Sterns: If we overshoot this by even the smallest integer, we're dealing with concentrations with extraordinary levels of toxicity. 
Betty Ross: You mean it could kill him. 
Samuel Sterns: Kill him? Yeah, I should say so. 
Bruce Banner: You should know that there's a flip side to this, too. If we miss on the low side, if we induce me and it fails, this will be very dangerous for you. 
Samuel Sterns: I've always been more curious than cautious, and that's served me pretty well.
Samuel Sterns: You didn't send me much to work with. So I had to concentrate it and make more.
Bruce Banner: Is it ready?
Nick Fury: Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you to exit the donut.
Senator Stern: My priority is to get the Iron Man weapon turned over to the people of the United States of America. 
Tony Stark: Well, you can forget it. I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one. To turn over the Iron Man suit would be to turn over myself, which is tantamount to indentured servitude or prostitution, depending on what state you're in. You can't have it. 
Senator Stern: Look, I'm no expert... 
Tony Stark: In prostitution? Of course not, you're a senator. Come on!
Agent Coulson: Where did you get this? Do you have any idea what this is? 
Tony Stark: *That*... is exactly what I need! 
Tony Stark: There, see? Perfectly level.
Natalie Rushman: I'm surprised you can keep your mouth shut. 
Tony Stark: God, you're good. You are mind-blowingly close to this. How do you do it? You're a triple impostor, I've never seen anything like it. Is there anything real about you? Do you even speak Latin? 
Natalie Rushman: Fallaces sunt rerum species. 
Tony Stark: Which means? Wait, what did you just say? 
Natalie Rushman: It means you can either drive yourself home or I can have you collected.
Agent Coulson: If you try to escape, or play any sort of games with me, I will taze you and watch "Supernanny" while you drool into the carpet.
Tony Stark: Tony Stark: Mr. Stark displays textbook... narcissism. 
Tony Stark: ... Agreed.
Justin Hammer: These are the Cubans, baby. This is the Cohibas, the Montecristos. This is a kinetic-kill, side-winder vehicle with a secondary cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine RDX burst. It's capable of busting a bunker under the bunker you just busted. If it were any smarter, it'd write a book, a book that would make Ulysses look like it was written in crayon. It would read it to you. This is my Eiffel Tower. This is my Rachmaninoff's Third. My Pieta. It's completely elegant, it's bafflingly beautiful, and it's capable of reducing the population of any standing structure to zero. I call it "The Ex-Wife."
Tony Stark: Who is she? 
Pepper Potts: She is from legal and she is potentially a very expensive sexual harassment lawsuit if you keep ogling her like that.
Tony Stark: I told you I don't want to join your super-secret boy band.
Howard Stark: Tony, you're too young to understand this right now, so I thought I would put it on film for you. 
Howard Stark: I built this for you. And some day you'll realize that it represents a whole lot more than just people's inventions. It represents my life's work. This is the key to the future. I'm limited by the technology of my time, but one day you'll figure this out. And when you do, you will change the world. What is and always will be my greatest creation... is you.
Senator Stern: Mr. Stark! 
Tony Stark: Yes, dear?
Iron Man: Nice work, kid!
Tony Stark: I don't like people handing me things just put it down there. 
Strawberry Vendor: Aren't you Iron Man? 
Tony Stark: Sometimes.
Senator Stern: I think we're done with the point that he's making. I don't think there's any reason... 
Tony Stark: The point is you're welcome, I guess. 
Senator Stern: For what? 
Tony Stark: Because I'm your nuclear deterrent. It's working. We're safe. America is secure. You want my property? You can't have it. But I did you a big favor. 
Tony Stark: I've successfully privatized world peace. What more do you want? For now! I tried to play ball with these ass-clowns. 
Senator Stern: ... you, Mr. Stark. 
Senator Stern: ... you, buddy.
Tony Stark: Huh! You're... fired. 
Natasha Romanoff: That's not up to you.
Jarvis: May I say how refreshing it is to finally see you on a video with your clothing on, sir.
Ivan Vanko: You come from a family of thieves and butchers, and like all guilty men, you try to rewrite your history, to forget all the lives the Stark family has destroyed. 
Tony Stark: Speaking of thieves, where'd you get this design? You look like you have friends in low places. 
Ivan Vanko: My father, Anton Vanko. 
Tony Stark: Never heard of him. 
Ivan Vanko: My father is the reason you're alive. 
Tony Stark: No, the reason I'm alive is because you made a shot, and you missed. 
Ivan Vanko: If you could make God bleed, people would cease to believe in Him. There will be blood in the water, the sharks will come. All I have to do is sit back and watch as the world consumes you. 
Tony Stark: Where will you be watching the world consume me from? Oh, that's right, a prison cell. I'll send you a bar of soap.
Tony Stark: How do you spell your name, Natalie? 
Natalie Rushman: R-U-S-H-M-A-N. 
Pepper Potts: What, are you Googling her now? 
Tony Stark: I thought I was ogling her?
Tony Stark: Wow! 
Tony Stark: That tastes like coconut... and metal!
Justin Hammer: She's actually doing a big spread on me for Vanity Fair. I thought I'd throw her a bone, you know. Right? 
Pepper Potts: Right. Well, she did quite a spread on Tony last year. 
Tony Stark: And she wrote a story as well.
Senator Stern: Ooh, sorry... funny how annoying a little prick can be, isn't it?
Tony Stark: Well, then, you must have known my father better than I did. 
Nick Fury: As a matter of fact, I did. He was one of the founding members of S.H.I.E.L.D. 
Tony Stark: ...Wait, WHAT?
Tony Stark: Okay, give me a smooch for good luck, I might not make it back! 
Pepper Potts: Go get 'em, boss! 
Tony Stark: You complete me!
Nick Fury: You've been very busy. You made your girl your CEO, you're giving away all your stuff. You let your friend fly away with your suit. Now, if I know better... 
Tony Stark: You don't know better. I didn't give it to him. He took it. 
Nick Fury: Whoa, whoa, whoa. He took it? You're Iron Man and he just took it? The little brother walked in there, kicked your ass and took your suit? Is that possible? 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, according to Mr. Stark's database security guidelines, there are redundancies to prevent unauthorized usage. 
Tony Stark: What do you want from me? 
Nick Fury: What do we want from you? Uh-uh. What do you want from me? You have become a problem, a problem I have to deal with. Contrary to your belief, you are not the center of my universe. I have bigger problems in the southwest region to deal with. Hit him! 
Tony Stark: Oh God, are you gonna steal my kidney and sell it? Could you please not do anything awful for five seconds? What did she just do to me? 
Nick Fury: What did we just do *for* you? That's lithium dioxide. It's gonna take the edge off. We're trying to get you back to work. 
Tony Stark: Give me a couple boxes of that. I'll be right as rain. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's not a cure, it just abates the symptoms. 
Nick Fury: Doesn't look like it's gonna be an easy fix.
Natalie Rushman: Well done with the new chest piece. I'm reading significantly higher output and your vitals all look promising. 
Tony Stark: Yes, for the moment, I'm not dying. Thank you. 
Pepper Potts: What do you mean you're not dying? Did you just say you're dying? 
Tony Stark: Is that you? No, I'm not. Not anymore. 
Pepper Potts: What's going on? 
Tony Stark: I was going to tell you, I didn't want you to alarm you 
Pepper Potts: You were going to tell me? You really were dying? 
Tony Stark: You didn't let me. 
Pepper Potts: Why didn't you tell me that? 
Tony Stark: I was going to make you an omelet and tell you. 
Natalie Rushman: Hey, hey. Save it for the honeymoon. You got incoming, Tony. Looks like the fight's coming to you. 
Tony Stark: Great. Pepper? 
Pepper Potts: Are you okay now? 
Tony Stark: I'm fine. Don't be mad, I will formally apologize... 
Pepper Potts: I am mad! 
Tony Stark: ...when I'm not fending off a Hammeroid attack. 
Pepper Potts: Fine. 
Tony Stark: We could've been in Venice. 
Pepper Potts: Oh, please.
Tony Stark: Dead almost 20 years, you're still taking me to school...
Tony Stark: You know, the question I get asked most often is, "Tony, how do you go to the bathroom in the suit?" 
Tony Stark: Just like that.
Tony Stark: Drop your socks and grab your crocs, we're about to get wet on this ride.
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: *I* think it's weird. You look like two seals fighting over a grape. 
Tony Stark: Hey, you weren't supposed to be listening to that. Get lost. 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: I was here first. Get a roof.
Natalie Rushman: I'm going to enter the facility. 
Natalie Rushman: Eyes on the road.
Nick Fury: I've got my eye on you.
Nick Fury: That thing in your chest is based on unfinished technology... 
Tony Stark: No, it's finished - it's just never been particularly effective until I miniaturized it and put it in my... 
Nick Fury: No, Howard said the arc reactor was a stepping stone to something greater. He was about to kick off an energy race that was going to dwarf the arms race. He was on to something big, something so big it was going to make the arc reactor look like a triple-A battery. 
Tony Stark: Just him, or was Anton Vanko in on this? 
Nick Fury: Anton Vanko was the other side of that coin - Anton saw it as a way to get rich, and when your father found out he had him deported. When the russians found out he couldn't deliver they shipped his ass of to Siberia. He spent the next twenty years in a vodka-fueled rage, not quite the environment you'd want to raise a kid in - the son you had the misfortune of crossing paths with in Monaco.
Tony Stark: Pepper Potts: What is that? 
Tony Stark: This is your in-flight meal. 
Pepper Potts: Did you just make that? 
Tony Stark: Yeah. Where do you think I've been for three hours?
Justin Hammer: I'd love to leave my door unlocked at night, but this ain't Canada.
Tony Stark: What's on the docket? 
Natalie Rushman: You have a 9: 30 dinner. 
Tony Stark: Perfect. I'll be there at 11.
Tony Stark: I'm not saying I'm responsible for this country's longest run of uninterrupted peace in 35 years! I'm not saying that from the ashes of captivity, never has a Phoenix metaphor been more personified! I'm not saying Uncle Sam can kick back on a lawn chair, sipping on an iced tea, because I haven't come across anyone man enough to go toe to toe with me on my best day! It's not about me. It's not about you, either. It's about legacy, the legacy left behind for future generations. It's not about us!
Happy Hogan: Anything else, boss? 
Tony Stark: I'm good, Hap. 
Pepper Potts: No, I'll be just... another minute. 
Tony Stark: I lost both the kids in the divorce.
Tony Stark: Hammer Tech? 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Yeah.
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Tony, look, I'm sorry. 
Tony Stark: Don't be. 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: No, I should have trusted you. 
Tony Stark: I'm the one who put you in this position. Forget it. 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: No, it's your fault. I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
Iron Man: You have *a* big gun, you're not *the* big gun. 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Tony, don't be jealous. 
Iron Man: No, it's subtle, all the bells and whistles. 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Yeah, it's called "being a badass"!
Agent Coulson: Good luck. We need you. 
Tony Stark: More than you know. 
Agent Coulson: Not that much.
Agent Coulson: Sir. We found it.
Tony Stark: Can I ask you something personal? If this was the last birthday party you were going to have, what would you do? 
Natalie Rushman: I would do whatever I wanted to do, with whomever I wanted to do it with.
Tony Stark: My bond is with the people, and I will serve this great nation at the pleasure of myself. If there's one thing I've proven it's that you can count on me to pleasure myself.
Tony Stark: You! I swear to God, I'll dismantle you! I'll soak your motherboard, turn you into a wine rack!
Tony Stark: What's the point of owning a race car if you can't drive it?
Fan in crowd: Blow something up! 
Tony Stark: What? Blow something up? I already did that.
Pepper Potts: Natalie is here! 
Tony Stark: I want one. 
Pepper Potts: No...
Tony Stark: I just want to talk to you for a minute, well, make that 30 seconds... 
Pepper Potts: Okay. 
Pepper Potts: 29, 28, 27...
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Oh man, you can have your suit back.
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Put your hand down. 
Tony Stark: You think you got what it takes to wear that suit? 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: We don't have to do this, Tony. 
Tony Stark: You wanna be the War Machine, take your shot.
Tony Stark: You sound pretty spry for a dead guy. 
Ivan Vanko: You too.
Tony Stark: Let the record reflect that I observe Mr. Hammer entering the chamber and I am wondering if and when any actual expert will also be in attendance.
Pepper Potts: Have you been drinking? 
Tony Stark: Chlorophyll.
Tony Stark: It's good to be back!
Tony Stark: She's fluent in French, Italian, Russian, Latin. Who speaks Latin? 
Pepper Potts: No one speaks Latin. It's a dead language.
Pepper Potts: I need you... 
Tony Stark: I need you too, that's what I'm trying to... 
Pepper Potts: ...to leave. Now.
Howard Stark: I would personally like to show you... my ass.
Iron Man: Rhodey, get down! 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Mm. I think you should lead with that next time. 
Iron Man: Yeah, sorry, Boss, I can only use it once. It's a one-off.
Tony Stark: I want one. 
Pepper Potts: No.
Ivan Vanko: I can make salute. 
Justin Hammer: You can make salute? What do you mean you can make salute? What the *hell* does that mean, Ivan?
Tony Stark: Contrary to popular belief, I know exactly what I'm doing... 
Tony Stark: Oops!
Tony Stark: Show me the badge. 
Happy Hogan: He likes the badge. 
U.S. Marshal: Still like it? 
Tony Stark: Yeah.
Ivan Vanko: Hey Tony, how you doing? 
Ivan Vanko: I double cycle. 
Tony Stark: You what? 
Ivan Vanko: You told me double cycles more power. Good advice. 
Tony Stark: You sound pretty spry for a dead guy. 
Ivan Vanko: You, too. 
Ivan Vanko: Now, the true history of Stark name will be written. 
Ivan Vanko: What your father did to my family over 40 years, I will do to you in 40 minutes. 
Tony Stark: Sounds good. Let's get together and hash it out. 
Ivan Vanko: I hope you're ready.
Nick Fury: What do you remember about your father? 
Tony Stark: He was cold, calculating, never told me he loved me, never even told me he liked me, so it's a bit hard for me to digest that he said the whole future is riding on me thing, I don't get that! You're talking about a man whose happiest day of his life was shipping me off to boarding school. 
Nick Fury: That's not true.
Pepper Potts: My point is, we have already awarded contracts to the wind farm people. 
Tony Stark: Yeah. Don't say "wind farm." I'm already feeling gassy.
Ivan Vanko: I want my bird. 
Justin Hammer: Yeah, sure. We can get you a bird. 
Ivan Vanko: I want *my* bird. *My* bird.
Justin Hammer: We all know why we're here - in the last six months Anthony Stark has created a sword with untold possibilites, and yet he insists it's a shield. He asks that we trust him as we cower behind it.
Ivan Vanko: Hey, Tony. Before you go, palladium in the chest, painful way to die.
Justin Hammer: This isn't a helmet, this is a head... Ivan, what's going on? 
Ivan Vanko: Drone better. 
Justin Hammer: Drone better? What, why drone better? Ivan, I got an order for suits, not drones!
Tony Stark: I'm sorry. I don't wanna get on the wrong foot. Do I look at the patch or the eye? Honest, I'm a bit hung over. I'm not sure if you're real or if I'm having... 
Nick Fury: I am very real. I'm the realest person you're ever gonna meet.
Pepper Potts: You know, there's only 8,011 things that I really need to talk to you about.
Senator Stern: We're adjourned for the day. You've been a delight.
Senator Stern: We present these honored badges to Col. James Rhodes and Tony Stark who is, of course, a national treasure.
Pepper Potts: You're out of control, okay? 
Iron Man: I'm not out of control. 
Pepper Potts: Trust me on this one. 
Iron Man: You're out of control, gorgeous. 
Pepper Potts: It's time to go to bed. It's time. 
Iron Man: Come on, you know you want to. Give me another smooch. 
Pepper Potts: You're not going to be happy about this. 
Iron Man: Come on, you know you want to. 
Pepper Potts: You just peed in the suit. 
Iron Man: I know, it has a filtration system. 
Pepper Potts: It's not sexy. 
Iron Man: You could drink that water.
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: I got something special for this guy. I'm gonna bust his bunker with the Ex-Wife. 
Tony Stark: The what?
Tony Stark: Sorry, pal, but Iron Man doesn't have a sidekick. 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Sidekick *this*!
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: I'll take it. 
Justin Hammer: Which one? 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: All of it!
Tony Stark: Trust me, I know. I'm good at this stuff. I've been looking for a suitable replacement for palladium. I've tried every combination, every permutation of every known element. 
Nick Fury: Well, I'm here to tell you, you haven't tried them all.
Jarvis: It would appear that the same thing that is keeping you alive is also killing you, sir.
Tony Stark: I am appointing you CEO, why aren't you listening to me? You know, I've been lately thinking what legacy I want to leave behind, and who should do what when I'm gone. And I think, in terms of Stark Enterprises, that you should take over it. You've always managed to handle it, so far it's been good. I hereby irrevocably make you CEO of the company.
Natalie Rushman: Will that be all, Mr, Stark? 
Tony Stark, Pepper Potts: No... 
Pepper Potts: Yes. Yes, that will be all, Ms. Rushman.
Tony Stark: She's right. The party's over. Then again, the party was over for me, like, an hour and a half ago. The after party starts in fifteen minutes. 
Tony Stark: And if anybody, Pepper, doesn't like it, there's the door.
Pepper Potts: I quit. I'm resigning. My body literally can't handle the stress. I don't know when you're going to kill yourself, or mess up the whole company... 
Tony Stark: I think I did okay!
Tony Stark: I didn't expect to see you here... 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Well, it's me, and I'm here, so get over it and move on!
Tony Stark: Larry King! Larry!
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: I'm only going to say this once. Get out! 
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: You don't deserve to wear one of these. Shut it down!
Justin Hammer: Anthony. Is that you? Hey, pal! How ya doin'? 
Tony Stark: My least favorite person on Earth, Justin Hammer.
Ivan Vanko: Speaks in Russian:  Slishkom mnogo govorish' "You talk too much." 
Justin Hammer: I don't know if you know this, but *I don't speak Russian!* Now I'm gonna go to the Expo, maybe you can watch me on TV, maybe I'll get laid.
Tony Stark: There's been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred on the freeway and the rooftop... 
Christine Everhart: I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that conveniently appeared, despite the fact that... 
Tony Stark: I know that it's confusing. It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a superhero. that would be outlandish and, uh, fantastic. I'm just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public... 
Anton Vanko: Ivan... 
Tony Stark: I am Iron Man. 
Anton Vanko: Ivan... that should be you. 
Ivan Vanko: Don't listen to that crap.
Ivan Vanko: I hope you're ready... 
Tony Stark: COME ON!
Ivan Vanko: You lose.
Jarvis: I am unable to find a suitable replacement element for the reactor, sir. You are running out of time, and options.
Ivan Vanko: Good to be back!
Tony Stark: It's a hi-tech prosthesis. That's actually the most apt description I can make of it.
Justin Hammer: Hey, hey, hey! Special delivery. Candygram! I brought you something. 
Jack: Ooh, yeah. 
Justin Hammer: Ha ha ha! We got you the bird, pal! 
Ivan Vanko: This is not my bird. 
Justin Hammer: What do you mean? That's the bird! This is the bird, yeah! Pulled a lot of strength to get this bird. That's a great bird! 
Jack: It's a beautiful bird. 
Justin Hammer: We got this all the way from Russia! 
Ivan Vanko: Hey, man! It's not my bird. 
Justin Hammer: Well, listen, even if it's not the bird, I mean, this is a, this is a gorgeous bird. I mean, look, you know, don't get so attached to things. Learn to let go.
Justin Hammer: What I saw you did to Tony Stark on that track, how you stepped up to him in front of God and everybody, that was... Wow!
Justin Hammer: I wanna make Iron Man look like an antique.
Tony Stark: Mute.
Justin Hammer: Tony, you know Christine? 
Tony Stark: Yes, roughly.
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: I don't believe it... I just stuck my neck out for this guy!
Tony Stark: I think she wants the Gallagher!
Pepper Potts: Tony... what're you not telling me? 
Tony Stark: I don't want to go home.
Tony Stark: And now, from the great beyond, my father Howard Stark!
Ivan Vanko: You lose, Stark! You lose!
Happy Hogan: Are you okay? 
Tony Stark: Were you aiming for him or me? 
Happy Hogan: I was aiming for him. 
Tony Stark: I couldn't tell. 
Pepper Potts: ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? GET IN THE CAR! 
Tony Stark: I was attacked! 
Happy Hogan, Pepper Potts: Get In The Car! 
Tony Stark: First vacation in two years...
Tony Stark: I told you I don't want to join your super-secret boy band.
Tony Stark: Goldstein. 
Adam Goldstein: Yes, Mr. Stark? 
Tony Stark: Give me phat beat to beat my buddy's ass to.
Tony Stark: I don't care about the liberal agenda any more, it's boring.
Justin Hammer: So now you like the bird, is that right? Isn't that your bird? I'm confused, you said it wasn't, but now it looks like you're best of pals! You love that bird, don't you? 
Justin Hammer: You know what, take the bird. 
Justin Hammer: Take his pillows, too. Both of them. 
Justin Hammer: And his shoes. Take his shoes. 
Justin Hammer: I took your stuff. How's that make you feel? Do you feel bad? Good. 'Cause that's how I feel! We had a contract! I save your life, and you give me suits! That was our deal.
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: This lone gunslinger act is unnecessary... you don't have to do this alone!
Justin Hammer: I'll get my revenge on you, someday!
Anton Vanko: I am sorry... All I can give you... is my knowledge.
Col. James 'Rhodey' Rhodes: You said that nobody could possess this technology in 20 years - guess what, someone else had it yesterday!
Tony Stark: Nail it!
Senator Stern: Let's get a photo.
Loki: The Casket wasn't the only thing you took from Jotunheim that day, was it? 
Odin: No. In the aftermath of the battle I went into the temple and I found a baby. Small for a Giant's offspring, abandoned, suffering, left to die. Laufey's son. 
Loki: Laufey's son? 
Odin: Yes. 
Loki: Why? You were knee-deep in Jotun blood. Why would you take me? 
Odin: You were an innocent child. 
Loki: No. You took me for a purpose. What was it?... TELL ME! 
Odin: I thought we could unite our kingdoms one day. Bring about an alliance, bring about permanent peace... through you. 
Loki: What? 
Odin: But those plans no longer matter. 
Loki: So I am no more than another stolen relic, locked up here until you might have use of me? 
Odin: Why do you twist my words? 
Loki: You could have told me what I was from the beginning! Why didn't you? 
Odin: You're my son... I wanted only to protect you from the truth... 
Loki: What, because I... I... I am the monster parents tell their children about at night? 
Odin: No! No! 
Loki: You know, it all makes sense now, why you favored Thor all these years, because no matter how much you claim to love me, you could never have a Frost Giant sitting on the throne of Asgard! 
Loki: Guards! Guards, please help!
Odin: You are a vain, greedy, cruel boy! 
Thor: And you are an old man and a fool! 
Odin: Yes... I was a fool, to think you were ready. 
Loki: Father... 
Odin: FIE! 
Odin: Thor Odinson... you have betrayed the express command of your king. Through your arrogance and stupidity, you've opened these peaceful realms and innocent lives to the horror and desolation of war! You are unworthy of these realms, you're unworthy of your title, you're unworthy... of the loved ones you have betrayed! I now take from you your power! In the name of my father and his father before, I, Odin Allfather, cast you out!
Thor: This drink... I like it! 
Darcy: I know, it's great right? 
Thor: ANOTHER! 
Thor: Jane Foster: Sorry, Izzie, little accident... 
Jane Foster: What was that? 
Thor: It was delicious! I want another! 
Jane Foster: You could have just said so! 
Thor: I just did! 
Jane Foster: I mean ask nicely! 
Thor: I meant no disrespect. 
Jane Foster: Alright, no more smashing. Deal? 
Thor: You have my word.
Agent Cale: Is that one of Stark's? 
Agent Coulson: I don't know. Guy never tells me anything.
Thor: I need a horse! 
Pet Store Clerk: We don't have horses. Just dogs, cats, birds. 
Thor: Then give me one of those large enough to ride.
Loki: I never wanted the throne, I only ever wanted to be your equal!
Darcy: Whoa, does he need CPR? 'Cause I totally know CPR!
Clint Barton: You better call it Coulson, 'cause I'm starting to root for this guy.
Agent Garrett: Is there a Renaissance Fair in town? 
Agent Jackson: Call it in. 
Agent Garrett: Yeah. Uh, base, we've got, uh, Xena, Jackie Chan, and Robin Hood.
Thor: Loki, this is madness! 
Loki: Is it madness? Is it? IS IT? I don't know what happened on Earth to make you so soft! Don't tell me it was that woman?... Oh, it was. Well maybe, when we're done here, I'll pay her a visit myself!
Clint Barton: Do you want me to take him down, or would you rather send in more guys for him to beat up?
Loki: I could have done it, Father! I could have done it! For you! For all of us! 
Odin: No, Loki. 
Thor: Loki, no... NO!
Jane Foster: WHAT?... I'm so sorry! I swear I'm not doing this on purpose.
Thor: Why have you done this? 
Loki: To prove to Father that I am a worthy son! When he wakes, I will have saved his life, I will have destroyed that race of monsters, and I will be true heir to the throne! 
Thor: You can't kill an entire race! 
Loki: Why not?... And what is this new found love for the Frost Giants? You, could have killed them all with your bare hands! 
Thor: I've changed. 
Loki: So have I. Now fight me!
Darcy: Myeuh-muh? What's Myeuh-muh?
Thor: You know, I had it all backwards. I had it all wrong. 
Erik Selvig: It's not a bad thing finding out that you don't have all the answers. You start asking the right questions. 
Thor: For the first time in my life, I have no idea what I'm supposed to do. 
Erik Selvig: Anyone who's ever going to find his way in this world, has to start by admitting he doesn't know...
Loki: Look at you. The mighty Thor! With all your strength! And what good does it do you now? Do you hear me, brother? There's nothing you can do! 
Loki: What are you doing? If you destroy the Bridge, you'll never see her again! 
Thor: Forgive me, Jane!
King Laufey: The house of Odin is full of traitors... 
Thor: Do not dishonor my father's name with your lies! 
King Laufey: Your father is a murderer and a thief! And why have YOU come, to talk of peace? You long for battle, you crave it! You're nothing more than a boy trying to prove himself a man! 
Thor: Be warned, this boy grows tired of your mockery! 
Loki: Thor, stop and think. Look around you, we're outnumbered... 
Thor: Know your place, brother! 
King Laufey: You know not what your actions would unleash... I do. Go now, while I still allow it. 
Loki: We will accept your most gracious offer. Come on, brother... 
Frost Giant Sentry: Run back home, little princess. 
Loki: Damn... 
Thor: Next?
Darcy: You know, for a crazy homeless person... he's pretty cut.
Thor: Brother, however I have wronged you, whatever I have done that has led you to do this, I am truly sorry. But these people are innocent, taking their lives will gain you nothing. So take mine, and end this.
Jane Foster: What happened? 
Thor: He's fine! We drank, we fought - he made his ancestors proud! 
Jane Foster: Put him on the bed. 
Erik Selvig: Oh, I still don't think you're the god of thunder. But you ought to be!
Thor: Loki. What are you doing here? 
Loki: I had to see you. 
Thor: What's happened? Tell me, is it Jotunheim? Let me explain to Father... 
Loki: Father is dead. 
Thor: What? 
Loki: Your banishment, the threat of a new war... it was too much for him to bear. You mustn't blame yourself. I know that you loved him. I tried to tell him so, but he wouldn't listen. It was so cruel to put the hammer within your reach knowing that you could never lift it. The burden of the throne has fallen to me now. 
Thor: Can I come home? 
Loki: The truce with Jotunheim is conditional upon your exile. 
Thor: Yes, but... couldn't we find a way...? 
Loki: And Mother has forbidden your return. This is goodbye, brother. I'm so sorry. 
Thor: No. I am sorry. Thank you for coming here. 
Loki: Farewell. 
Thor: Goodbye. 
Agent Coulson: "Goodbye?" I just got back.
Thor: My friends, have you forgotten all that we have done together? Fandral, Hogun, who led you into the glorious of battles? 
Hogun: You did. 
Thor: And, Volstagg, who introduced you to delicacies so succulent you thought you'd died and gone to Valhalla? 
Volstagg: You did. 
Thor: And who proved wrong all who scoffed at the idea that a young maiden could be one of the fiercest warriors this realm has ever known? 
Sif: I did! 
Thor: True, but I supported you, Sif.
Thor: So Earth is lost to us... 
Heimdall: No. There is always hope. 
Thor: Can you see her? 
Heimdall: Yes. 
Thor: How is she? 
Heimdall: She searches for you.
Odin: Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of THOR!
Fandral: Our dearest friend banished! Loki on the throne! Asgard on the brink of war! Yet you managed to consume four wild boars, six pheasants, a side of beef and two caskets of ale! Shame on you! Don't you care? 
Volstagg: Do not mistake my appetite for apathy! 
Sif: Stop it, both of you! Stop! We all know what we have to do. 
Hogun: We must go. We must find Thor. 
Fandral: You speak of treason! 
Volstagg: Forget treason, it's suicide! 
Sif: Thor would do the same for us. 
Volstagg: Hush! Heimdall may be watching. 
Asgardian Guard: Heimdall demands your presence! 
Volstagg: We're doomed.
Thor: This mortal form has grown weak. I need sustenance!
Nick Fury: Dr. Selvig. 
Erik Selvig: So, you're the man behind all this? It's quite a labyrinth. I was thinking that you had taken me down here to kill me. 
Nick Fury: I've been hearing about the New Mexico situation. Your work has impressed a lot of people who are much smarter than I am. 
Erik Selvig: I had a lot to work with:  the Foster theory, a gateway to another dimension... it's unprecedented... 
Erik Selvig: ...isn't it? 
Nick Fury: Legend tells us one thing; history, another. But, every now and then, we find something that belongs to both. 
Erik Selvig: What is it? 
Nick Fury: Power, Doctor. If we figure out how to tap it, maybe unlimited power. 
Loki: Well, I guess that's worth a look. 
Erik Selvig: Well, I guess that's worth a look.
Agent Coulson: Donald? I don't think you've been completely honest with me. 
Thor: Know this, son of Coul. You and I, we fight for the same cause:  the protection of this world. From this day forward, you can count me in as your ally, if... you return the items you have taken from Jane. 
Jane Foster: Stolen. 
Agent Coulson: Borrowed. Of course you can have your equipment back. You're going to need to need it to continue your research. 
Thor: Would you like to see the bridge we spoke of? 
Jane Foster: Uh... sure. 
Agent Coulson: Wait, we need to debrief you!
Jane Foster: Years of research, gone. 
Darcy: They even took my iPod. 
Erik Selvig: What about the backups? 
Jane Foster: They took our backups. They took the backups of our backups. They were extremely thorough. 
Darcy: I just downloaded, like, 30 songs onto there.
King Laufey: Kill him. 
Loki: After all I've done for you? 
King Laufey: ...So you're the one who showed us the way into Asgard. 
Loki: That was just a bit of fun, really. To ruin my brother's big day, and to protect the realm from his idiotic rule for a while longer. 
King Laufey: I will hear you. 
Loki: I will conceal you and a handful of your soldiers, lead you into Odin's chambers, and you can slay him where he lies. 
King Laufey: Why not kill him yourself? 
Loki: I suspect that the Asgardians would not take kindly to a king who had murdered his predecessor. Once Odin is dead, I will return the Casket to you... 
Loki: And you can return Jotunheim to all its, uh... glory. 
King Laufey: I... accept.
Darcy: I am not dying for 6 college credits!
Thor: You think me strange? 
Jane Foster: Yes. 
Thor: Good strange, or bad strange? 
Jane Foster: I'm not sure yet...
Thor: It's unwise to be in my company right now, brother. Today was to be my day of triumph! 
Loki: It'll come, in time. If it's any consolation, I think you're right. About the Frost Giants, about Laufey, about everything. If they were able to slip past Asgard's defenses once, who's to say they won't try again? Next time with an army. 
Thor: Exactly! 
Loki: There's nothing you can do without defying Father. 
Loki: No! No, no, no, no! I know that look! 
Thor: It's the only way to ensure the safety of our borders! 
Loki: Thor, it's madness!
Sif: Loki, you must go to the All-Father and convince him to change his mind. 
Loki: And if I do, then what? I love Thor more dearly than any of you, but you know what he is. He's arrogant, he's reckless, he's dangerous! You saw how he was today. Is that what Asgard needs from its King? 
Sif: He may speak for the good of Asgard, but he's always been jealous of Thor! 
Volstagg: We should be grateful to him. He saved our lives. 
Hogun: Laufey said, there were traitors in the house of Odin. A master of magic could bring three Jotuns into Asgard. 
Fandral: Loki's always been one for mischief, but you're talking about something else entirely!
Thor: You are no match for the mighty...
Thor: Hammer! Hammer! 
Darcy: Yeah, we can tell you're hammered.
Thor: How dare you attack the son of Odin!
Thor: You're big. I've fought bigger.
Loki: So why did he lie? 
Frigga: He kept the truth from you so you would never feel different. You are our son, Loki, and we your family.
Darcy: Look! Look, it's "Myeuh-muh"!
Jane Foster: Describe exactly what happened to you last night. 
Thor: Your ancestors called it magic... 
Thor: ...but you call it science. I come from a land where they are one and the same.
Thor: You! What realm is this? Elfheim, Nilfheim? 
Darcy: New Mexico? 
Thor: You dare threaten Thor with such a puny weapon...? 
Darcy: What? He was freaking me out!
Jane Foster: Oh... my... God.
Stan the Man: Did it work?
Jane Foster: Where'd you find this? 
Erik Selvig: The children's section. I just wanted to show you how silly his story was. 
Jane Foster: But you're the one who's always pushing me to chase down every possibility, every alternative. 
Erik Selvig: I'm talking about science, not magic. 
Jane Foster: Well, "magic's just science we don't understand yet." Arthur C. Clarke. 
Erik Selvig: Who wrote science-fiction. 
Jane Foster: A precursor to science fact! 
Erik Selvig: In some cases, yeah. 
Jane Foster: Well, if there's an Einstein-Rosen bridge, then there's something on the other side. And advanced beings could have crossed it! 
Erik Selvig: Oh, Jane. 
Darcy: A primitive culture like the Vikings might have worshiped them as deities. 
Jane Foster: Yes! Yes, exactly. Thank you.
Young Loki: Do the Frost Giants still live? 
Young Thor: When I am king, I'll hunt the monsters down and slay them all! Just as you did, Father! 
Odin: A wise king never seeks out war. But he must always be ready for it. 
Young Thor: I'm with you, Father! 
Young Loki: So am I! 
Odin: Only one of you can ascend to the throne. But BOTH of you were born to be kings!
Erik Selvig: It's not a bad thing finding out that you don't have all the answers. You start asking the right questions.
Odin: You'll be a wise king. 
Thor: There will never be a wiser king than you. Or a better father. I have much to learn. I know that now. One day, perhaps, I will make you proud. 
Odin: You've already made me proud.
Jane Foster: So is this how you normally look? 
Thor: More or less. 
Jane Foster: It's a good look!
Thor: Sif, you've done all you could. 
Sif: NO! I'll die a warrior's death! Stories will be told of this day! 
Thor: Live, and tell those stories yourself!
Odin: Once, mankind accepted a simple truth:  that they were not alone in this universe. Some worlds man believed home to their Gods. Others they knew to fear. From around the cold and darkness came the Frost Giants, threatening to plunge the mortal world into a new ice age. But humanity would not face this threat alone. Our armies drove the Frost Giants back into the heart of their own world. The cost was great. In the end, their king fell, and the source of their power was taken from them. With the last great war ended, we withdrew from the other worlds and returned home at the Realm Eternal, Asgard. And here we remain as the beacon of hope, shining out across the stars. And though we have fallen into man's myths and legends, it was Asgard and its warriors that brought peace to the universe. 
Odin: But the day will come, when one of you will have to defend that peace...
Thor: It's all right, it's over... You're safe...
Loki: Ensure my brother does not return. Destroy everything.
Heimdall: You would defy the commands of Loki, our king? Break every oath you have taken as warriors, and commit treason to bring Thor back? 
Sif: Yes. 
Heimdall: Good. 
Sif: So you will help us? 
Heimdall: I am bound by honor to our king. I cannot open the bridge to you. 
Fandral: Complicated fellow, isn't he? 
Volstagg: Now what do we do?
Loki: Leave this to me. Gatekeeper, we seek... 
Heimdall: You're not dressed warmly enough. 
Loki: I'm sorry? 
Heimdall: You think you can deceive me. 
Loki: You must be mistaken... 
Thor: Enough! Heimdall, may we pass? 
Heimdall: NEVER has an enemy escaped my watch until this day. I want to know how it happened. 
Thor: And tell no one where we have gone until we return. Understand? 
Volstagg: What's the matter, silver tongue turned to lead?
Thor: How do I look? 
Loki: Like a king.
Thor: ENOUGH!
Jane Foster: How'd you get inside that cloud? 
Darcy: Also, how could you eat an entire box of Pop-Tarts and still be this hungry?
Heimdall: Tell me, Loki, how did you lead the Jotuns into Asgard? 
Loki: Do you think the Bifrost is the only way in and out of this realm? There are passages between worlds to which even you, with all your gifts, are blind. But I have need of them no longer, now that I am king. And I say, for your act of treason, you are relieved of your duties as gatekeeper and no longer citizen of Asgard! 
Heimdall: Then I need no longer obey you!
Thor: I will not fight you, brother! 
Loki: I'm not your brother! I never was!
Thor: What you seek, it's a bridge. 
Jane Foster: Like, like an Einstein-Rosen Bridge? 
Thor: More like a Rainbow Bridge. 
Jane Foster: God, I hope you're not crazy.
Thor: The Jotuns must pay for what they have done! 
Odin: They have paid, with their lives. The Destroyer did its work, the Casket is safe, and all is well. 
Thor: All is well? They broke into the weapons vault! If the Frost Giants have stolen even one of these relics... 
Odin: They didn't. 
Thor: Well I want to know why! 
Odin: I have a truce with Laufey, king of the Jotuns. 
Thor: He just broke your truce! They know you are vulnerable! 
Odin: What action would you take? 
Thor: March into Jotunheim as you once did! Teach them a lesson! Break their spirits, so they would never dare try to cross our borders again! 
Odin: You're thinking only as a warrior. 
Thor: This was an act of war! 
Odin: It was the act of but a few, doomed to fail. 
Thor: Look how far they got! 
Odin: We will find the breach in our defenses and it will be sealed. 
Thor: As king of Asgard...! 
Odin: BUT YOU'RE NOT KING! Not yet.
Sif: My queen, I am so sorry for your loss. 
Frigga: How is he? 
Sif: He mourns for his brother. And he misses her... the mortal.
Odin: STOP! 
Loki: Am I cursed? 
Odin: No. 
Loki: What am I? 
Odin: You are my son. 
Loki: What more than that?
Agent Coulson: It's not easy to do what you did. You made my men - some of the most highly trained professionals in the world - look like a bunch of minimum-wage mall cops. In my experience, it takes someone who's received similar training to do what you did to them. Why don't you tell me where you received that training? Afghanistan, Chechnya? No, you strike me more as the soldier of fortune type. Who are you?
Thor: Once I retrieve Mjolnir, I will return to you the items they stole from you. Deal? 
Jane Foster: No. You think you're gonna just walk in and walk out ? 
Thor: No. I'm gonna fly out.
Thor: We're going to Jotunheim. 
Fandral: What? This isn't like going to Earth, where you summon a little lightning and thunder and the mortals worship you as a god! This is Jotunheim!
Thor: My friends, I've never been happier to see you! But you should not have come. 
Fandral: We've here to bring you home! 
Thor: You know I can't come home. My father is... is dead, and I must remain in exile. 
Sif: Thor, your father still lives!
King Laufey: It's said you can still hear and see what transpires around you. I hope it's true, so that you may know your death came at the hand of Laufey. 
Loki: And YOUR death came by the son of Odin!
Thor: Why did you bring us back? 
Odin: Do you realize what you've done, what you've started? 
Thor: I was protecting my throne! 
Odin: You cannot even defend your friends! How can you hope to protect the kingdom?
Sif: Allfather, we must speak with you urgently... 
Loki: My friends. 
Fandral: Where is Odin? 
Loki: Father has fallen into the Odinsleep. Mother fears he may never awaken again. 
Sif: We would speak with her... 
Loki: She has refused to leave my father's bedside. You can bring your urgent matter to me, your King. 
Sif: My King, we would ask that you end Thor's banishment. 
Loki: My first command cannot be to undo the Allfather's last. We're on the brink of war with Jotunheim. Our people need a sense of continuity, in order to feel safe in these difficult times. All of us must stand together, for the good of Asgard. 
Fandral: Yes... of course. 
Loki: Good. Then you will wait for my word. 
Volstagg: If I may, beg the indulgence of your Majesty, to perhaps reconsider... 
Loki: We're done!
Frigga: We mustn't lose hope that your father will return to us, and your brother... 
Loki: What hope is there for Thor? 
Frigga: There's always a purpose to everything your father does.
Thor: Why don't you tell her? How you sent the Destroyer to kill our friends, to kill me! 
Frigga: What? 
Loki: Well, I must have been enforcing father's last command. 
Thor: You're a talented liar, brother. Always have been. 
Loki: It's good to have you back. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to destroy Jotunheim!
Heimdall: Be warned, I shall uphold my sacred oath to protect this realm as its gatekeeper. If your return threatens the safety of Asgard, my gate will remain shut and you will be left to perish on the cold waste of Jotunheim. 
Volstagg: Couldn't you just keep the bridge open for us? 
Heimdall: Keeping the bridge open would unleash the full power of the Bifrost and destroy Jotunheim, with you on it. 
Thor: I have no plans to die today. 
Heimdall: None do.
Thor: Heimdall, open the Bridge! Heimdall, we need you now!
Loki: What troubles you, gatekeeper? 
Heimdall: I turned my gaze upon you in Jotunheim but could neither see you nor hear you. You were shrouded from me like the Frost Giants that had entered this realm. 
Loki: Perhaps your senses have weakened after your many years of service. 
Heimdall: Or perhaps someone has found a way to hide that which he does not wish me to see. 
Loki: You have great power, Heimdall. Did Odin fear you? 
Heimdall: No. 
Loki: And why is that? 
Heimdall: Because he is my king, and I am sworn to obey him. 
Loki: He was your king. And you're sworn to obey me now. Yes? 
Heimdall: Yes. 
Loki: Then you'll open the Bifrost to no-one! Until I have repaired the damage that my brother has done!
Thor: You're very brave, for helping me. 
Jane Foster: They stole my life's work, so I don't have much to lose.
Erik Selvig: I've seen the way she looks at you. If you hurt her... 
Thor: I swear to you, I mean her no harm.
Thor: Jane, you have to get everybody out of here! 
Jane Foster: What about you? 
Volstagg: Thor's going to fight with us! 
Thor: My friends, I am just a man. I'd only get in your way or worse get one of you killed. But you can help me get everyone to safety. 
Jane Foster: Well, if you're staying, then so am I! 
Thor: We'll need some time! 
Fandral: You'll have it!
Agent Coulson: Dr. Selvig, keep him away from the bars! 
Thor: Where are we going? 
Erik Selvig: To get a drink!
Sif: Thor! 
Loki: WE MUST GO! 
Thor: Then go!
Thor: You must return to Asgard! You have to stop Loki! 
Fandral: What about you? 
Thor: Do not worry, my friends. I have a plan.
Erik Selvig: I knew this scientist, a pioneer in gamma radiation. SHIELD showed up, and that's the last I heard from him.
Volstagg: FOR ASGARD!
Thor: The answers you seek shall be yours, once I claim what is mine.
Thor: For the first time in my life, I have no idea what I'm supposed to do...
Frigga: Thor is banished. The line of succession falls to you. Until Odin awakens, Asgard is yours. Make our father proud, my king.
Jane Foster: He says his name is Thor...
Thor: I would have words with my brother...
Jane Foster: Wait for it.
Thor: Father, we'll finish them together! 
Odin: SILENCE!
King Laufey: Allfather. You look weary. 
Odin: Laufey. End this now! 
King Laufey: Your boy sought this out. 
Odin: You're right. But these were the actions of a boy, treat them as such. We can end this together, here, now, without any more blood shed. 
King Laufey: We are beyond diplomacy now, Allfather. You'll get what he came for:  war, and death. 
Odin: So be it!
Agent Coulson: Sorry, maam, we're the good guys!
Thor: Get him to the Healing Room! Leave my brother to me.
Thor: It's not possible...
King Laufey: You've come a long way to die, Asgardian.
Jane Foster: I am sorry, I cannot take you. 
Thor: Then this is where we say goodbye! Jane Foster, Dr Selvig, Darcy:  farewell.
Erik Selvig: I've got the particle detectors... Darcy, do you have the SHIELD satellite codes? 
Darcy: Yeah! Have you seen my taser? 
Erik Selvig: It's in the car, come on Jane!
Volstagg: Heimdall, open the bridge!
Sif: Keep it distracted...
Volstagg: Found you!
Sif: Asgard is in danger!
Darcy: Is somebody else coming?
Loki: Nice feathers 
Thor: You don't really want to start this again, do you, Cow?
Sif: Where are they? 
Thor: Hiding! As cowards always do!
Thor: There won't be a kingdom to protect if you're afraid to act! The Jotuns must fear me, just as they once feared you! 
Odin: Have you forgotten everything I taught you? A warrior's patient! 
Thor: While you wait and be patient, the Nine Worlds laugh at us! The old ways are done, yet you stand and give speeches while Asgard falls!
Thor: Thank you, Jane.
Thor: At least make it a challenge for me! 
Thor: That's more like it!
Odin: I have sacrificed much to achieve peace. So too must a new generation sacrifice to maintain that peace. Responsibility! Duty! Honour! These are not mere virtues to which we must aspire! They are essential to every soldier, to every king!
Odin: He has disobeyed his king... his fate is in his own hands now.
Thor: Oh, no... this is Earth... isn't it?
Jane Foster: Who are you? 
Thor: You'll know soon enough!
Thor: I will return.
Loki: I've looked forward to this day as long as you have. You're my brother and my friend. Sometimes I'm envious, but never doubt that I love you.
Loki: Keep your weapons sheathed and your mouths closed. This is going to take subtlety and sincerity, not brute strength. Leave it to me. 
Heimdall: You're not dressed warmly enough. 
Loki: I'm sorry? 
Heimdall: The freezing cold of Jotunheim. It will kill you all in time, even Thor. You think you can deceive me? I, who watch all? I, who can sense the flapping of a butterfly's wings a thousand worlds away? Or can hear a cricket passing gas in Niffelheim?
Fandral: Now who'd like to polish my sword for me?
Volstagg: We should never have let him go. 
Sif: There was no stopping him. 
Fandral: Well, at least he's only banished, not dead, which is what we'd all be if that guard hadn't told Odin where we'd gone. 
Volstagg: How did the guard even know? 
Loki: I told him. 
Fandral: What? 
Loki: I told him to go to Odin after we'd left. He should be flogged for taking so long. We should never have reached Jotunheim. 
Volstagg: YOU told the guard? 
Loki: I saved our lives. And Thor's. I had no idea Father would banish him for what he did. 
Sif: Loki. 
Sif: You must go to the Allfather and convince him to change his mind. 
Loki: And if I do, then what? I love Thor more dearly than any of you, but you know what he is. He's arrogant. He's reckless. He's dangerous. You saw how he was today. Is that what Asgard needs from its king? 
Sif: He may speak of the good of Asgard, but he's always been jealous of Thor. 
Volstagg: We should be grateful to him. He saved our lives. 
Hogun: Laufey said... there were traitors in the House of Odin. A master of magic could bring three Jotuns into Asgard. 
Fandral: Loki's always been one for mischief, but you're talking about something else entirely.
Agent Sitwell: What about the Harlem incident? 
Agent Coulson: They're pinning that on Banner. 
Agent Sitwell: On BANNER? 
Agent Coulson: Not the guy you wanna make angry.
Agent Sitwell: So, any word? 
Agent Coulson: Mission accomplished. The Abomination will remain in his cage, for now. Apparently, the Consultant outdid himself. Ross got so mad he tried to have him removed from the bar. 
Agent Sitwell: How'd that go over? 
Agent Coulson: Stark bought the place. It's scheduled for demolition on Thursday.
Agent Sitwell: It didn't go well did it? 
Agent Coulson: No, it did not. 
Agent Sitwell: They reject the Initiative? 
Agent Coulson: No, of course not. But they made the most idiotic, ill-conceived request imaginable - they want Blonsky on the team. 
Agent Sitwell: Ah, "The Abomination". 
Agent Coulson: They really don't like when you call him that.
Agent Sitwell: I got it! We send a patsy to sabotage the debriefing. 
Agent Coulson: A patsy? 
Agent Sitwell: Yes. Someone to screw it up. Someone so inept General Ross will refuse to release Blonsky. I could do it. I do a great patsy. 
Agent Coulson: Yes, you do. Your patsy's legendary. In fact, when I think of the word "patsy"... 
Agent Sitwell: All right!
Clerk: Wait. What should I tell the police? 
Agent Coulson: Tell them those Tae-Bo tapes really paid off.
Robber 1: Who owns that car outside? 
Agent Coulson: I do 
Agent Coulson: but it's really more like a lease. 
Robber 2: Toss the keys over here. 
Agent Coulson: Okay, okay. 
Robber 1: C'mon! 
Robber 1: Empty the cash registrar, start filling this bag with cigarettes, pa... 
Agent Coulson: Excuse me 
Agent Coulson: I also have this gun, you'll probably be needing that.
Peggy Carter: Wait! 
Peggy Carter: Go get him. 
Col. Chester Phillips: I'm not kissing you.
Abraham Erskine: Do you want to kill Nazis? 
Steve Rogers: Is this a test? 
Abraham Erskine: Yes. 
Steve Rogers: I don't want to kill anyone. I don't like bullies; I don't care where they're from.
Steve Rogers: What do you think? 
Peggy Carter: Yes. I think it works.
Steve Rogers: Can I ask a question? 
Abraham Erskine: Just one? 
Steve Rogers: Why me? 
Abraham Erskine: I suppose that's the only question that matters. 
Abraham Erskine: This is from Augsburg, my city. So many people forget that the first country the Nazis invaded was their own. You know, after the last war, they... My people struggled. They... they felt weak... they felt small. Then Hitler comes along with the marching, and the big show, and the flags, and the, and the... and he... he hears of me, and my work, and he finds me, and he says "You." He says "You will make us strong." Well, I am not interested. So he sends the head of Hydra, his research division, a brilliant scientist by the name of Johann Schmidt. Now Schmidt is a member of the inner circle and he is ambitious. He and Hitler share a passion for occult power and Teutonic myth. Hitler uses his fantasies to inspire his followers, but for Schmidt, it is not fantasy. For him, it is real. He has become convinced that there is a great power hidden in the earth, left here by the gods, waiting to be seized by a superior man. So when he hears about my formula and what it can do, he cannot resist. Schmidt must become that superior man. 
Steve Rogers: Did it make him stronger? 
Abraham Erskine: Yeah, but... there were other... effects. The serum was not ready. But more important, the man. The serum amplifies everything that is inside, so good becomes great; bad becomes worse. This is why you were chosen. Because the strong man who has known power all his life, may lose respect for that power, but a weak man knows the value of strength, and knows... compassion. 
Steve Rogers: Thanks. I think. 
Abraham Erskine: Get it, get it. Whatever happens tomorrow, you must promise me one thing. That you will stay who you are, not a perfect soldier, but a good man.
Steve Rogers: It's me. It's Steve. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Steve? 
Steve Rogers: Come on. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Steve. 
Steve Rogers: I thought you were dead. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: I thought you were smaller.
Johann Schmidt: No matter what lies Erskine told you, you see, I was his greatest success! 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: You don't have one of those, do you?
Steve Rogers: There's not gonna be a safe landing, but I can try and force it down. 
Peggy Carter: I'll-I'll get Howard on the line. He'll know what to do. 
Steve Rogers: There's not enough time. This thing's moving too fast and it's heading for New York. I gotta put her in the water. 
Peggy Carter: Please don't do this. W-we have time. We can work it out. 
Steve Rogers: Right now I'm in the middle of nowhere. If I wait any longer a lot of people are gonna die. Peggy, this is my choice. 
Steve Rogers: Peggy... 
Peggy Carter: I'm here. 
Steve Rogers: I'm gonna need a rain check on that dance. 
Peggy Carter: All right. A week next Saturday at The Stork Club. 
Steve Rogers: You've got it. 
Peggy Carter: Eight o'clock on the dot. Don't you dare be late. Understood? 
Steve Rogers: You know, I still don't know how to dance. 
Peggy Carter: I'll show you how. Just be there. 
Steve Rogers: We'll have the band play something slow. 
Steve Rogers: I'd hate to step on your... 
Peggy Carter: Steve? Steve? 
Peggy Carter: Steve?
Peggy Carter: How do you feel? 
Steve Rogers: Taller.
Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan: Wait. You know what you're doing? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah. I knocked out Adolf Hitler over 200 times.
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Did it hurt? 
Steve Rogers: A little. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Is this permanent? 
Steve Rogers: So far.
Red Skull: Arrogance may not be a uniquely American trait, but I must say, you do it better than anyone. But there are limits to what even you can do, Captain, or did Erskine tell you otherwise? 
Steve Rogers: He told me you were insane. 
Red Skull: Ah. He resented my genius and tried to deny me what was rightfully mine, but he gave you everything. So, what made you so special? 
Steve Rogers: Nothing. I'm just a kid from Brooklyn.
James 'Bucky' Barnes: What happened to you? 
Steve Rogers: I joined the Army.
Peggy Carter: You can't give me orders! 
Steve Rogers: The hell I can't! I'm a Captain!
Nick Fury: At ease, soldier! Look, I'm sorry about that little show back there, but we thought it best to break it to you slowly. 
Steve Rogers: Break what? 
Nick Fury: You've been asleep, Cap. For almost 70 years. 
Nick Fury: You gonna be okay? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah. Yeah, I just... I had a date.
Peggy Carter: You're late. 
Steve Rogers: I couldn't call my ride.
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Remember when I made you ride the Cyclone on Coney Island? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, and I threw up? 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: This isn't payback, is it? 
Steve Rogers: Now why would I do that?
Steve Rogers: That wasn't so bad. 
Abraham Erskine: That was penicillin.
Howard Stark: Seems harmless enough. Hard to see what all the fuss is about. 
Howard Stark: Write that down.
Abraham Erskine: Steven, can you hear me? 
Steve Rogers: It's probably too late to go to the bathroom, right?
Boy at Dock: Go get him! I can swim.
Col. Chester Phillips: Sit down. 
Dr. Arnim Zola: What is this? 
Col. Chester Phillips: Steak. 
Dr. Arnim Zola: What is in it? 
Col. Chester Phillips: Cow.
Peggy Carter: Shut it down! 
Abraham Erskine: Kill the reactor, Mr. Stark! Turn it off! Kill it! Kill the reactor! 
Steve Rogers: No! Don't! I can do this!
Steve Rogers: Dr. Erskine said that the serum wouldn't just effect my muscles, it would effect my cells. Create a protective system of regeneration and healing. Which means, um, I can't get drunk. Did you know that? 
Peggy Carter: Your metabolism burns four times faster than the average person. He thought it could be one of the side effects.
Steve Rogers: You ready to follow Captain America into the jaws of death? 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Hell, no! The little guy from Brooklyn who was too dumb not to run away from a fight. I'm following him. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: But you're keeping the outfit, right? 
Steve Rogers: You know what? It's kinda grown on me.
Howard Stark: Fondue is just cheese and bread, my friend.
Steve Rogers: I know this neighborhood. I got beat up in that alley. And that parking lot. And behind that diner.
4F Doctor: Sorry, son. 
Steve Rogers: Look, just give me a chance. 
4F Doctor: You'd be ineligible on your asthma alone. 
Steve Rogers: Is there anything you can do? 
4F Doctor: I'm doing it. I'm saving your life.
Gabe Jones: Who are you supposed to be? 
Steve Rogers: I'm... Captain America. 
James Montgomery Falsworth: I beg your pardon?
Howard Stark: The moment you think you know what's going on in a woman's head is the moment your goose is well and truly cooked .
Peggy Carter: Gentlemen, I'm Agent Carter. I supervise all operations of this division. 
Gilmore Hodge: What's with the accent, Queen Victoria? Thought I was signing up for the U.S. Army. 
Peggy Carter: What's your name, soldier? 
Gilmore Hodge: Gilmore Hodge, your Majesty. 
Peggy Carter: Step forward, Hodge. 
Peggy Carter: Put your right foot forward. 
Gilmore Hodge: Are we dancing? Cause I got a few moves I know you'll like.
HYDRA Soldier: Cut off one head, two more shall... 
Col. Chester Phillips: Let's go find two more!
Steve Rogers: Where are we going? 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: The future.
SHIELD Lieutenant: Base. Get me a line to the Colonel! I don't care what time it is! This one's waited long enough.
Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan: So, let's get this straight. 
Gabe Jones: We barely got out of there alive, and you want us to go back? 
Steve Rogers: Pretty much. 
James Montgomery Falsworth: Sounds rather fun, actually. 
Jim Morita: I'm in. 
Gabe Jones: We're in. 
Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan: Hell, I'll always fight. But you gotta do one thing for me. 
Steve Rogers: What's that? 
Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan: Open a tab. 
Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan: Well, that was easy.
Red Skull: You could have the power of the gods! Yet you wear a flag on your chest and think you fight a battle of nations! I have seen the future, Captain! There are no flags! 
Captain America: Not my future!
Col. Chester Phillips: You're not REALLY thinking about picking Rogers, are you? 
Abraham Erskine: I wasn't just THINKING about it. He is a clear choice. 
Col. Chester Phillips: When you brought a ninety-pound asthmatic onto my army base, I let it slide. I thought "What the hell, maybe he'd be useful to you like a gerbil." Never thought you'd pick him. 
Peggy Carter: UP! 
Col. Chester Phillips: You put a needle in that kid's arm it's gonna go right through him. 
Peggy Carter: Come on, girls! 
Col. Chester Phillips: Look at that. He's makin' me cry. 
Abraham Erskine: I am looking for qualities beyond the physical. 
Col. Chester Phillips: Do you know how long it took to set up this project? Of all the groveling I had to do in front of Senator What's-his-name's committee? 
Abraham Erskine: Yes, I'm well aware of your efforts. 
Col. Chester Phillips: Then throw me a bone. Hodge passed every test we gave him. He's big, he's fast, he obeys orders - he's a soldier. 
Abraham Erskine: He's a bully. 
Col. Chester Phillips: You don't win wars with niceness, doctor. You win wars with guts. 
Col. Chester Phillips: GRENADE!
Col. Chester Phillips: If you have something to say, right now's a perfect time to keep it to yourself.
Peggy Carter: Tell me, did you truly like your friend? Did you respect him? 
Steve Rogers: Yes! 
Peggy Carter: Well then, stop blaming yourself! Give your friend the respect of making his own decisions!
Steve Rogers: What are you doing here? 
Peggy Carter: Officially I'm not here at all. That was quite a performance. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, uh... I had to improvise a little bit. The crowds I'm used to are usually more, uh... 
Peggy Carter: I understand you're America's new hope. 
Steve Rogers: Bond sales take a ten percent bump in every state I visit. 
Peggy Carter: Is that Senator Brandt I hear? 
Steve Rogers: At least he's got me doing this. Phillips would have had me stuck in the lab. 
Peggy Carter: And these are your only two options? A lab rat or a dancing monkey? You were meant for more than this, you know? 
Peggy Carter: What? 
Steve Rogers: You know for the longest time I dreamed about coming overseas and being on the front lines. Serving my country. I finally get everything I wanted, and I'm wearing tights.
Steve Rogers: Sir, if you're going after Schmidt, I want in 
Col. Chester Phillips: You're an experiment. You're going to Alamogordo. 
Steve Rogers: The serum worked. 
Col. Chester Phillips: I asked for an army and all I got was you. You are not enough.
Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan: What, are we taking everybody? 
Jim Morita: I'm from Fresno, Ace.
General: I thought he'd be taller.
Steve Rogers: What about this one? 
Howard Stark: No, no, that's just a prototype. 
Steve Rogers: What's it made of? 
Howard Stark: Vibranium. It's stronger than steel and a third the weight. It's completely vibration absorbent.
Steve Rogers: You save me any of that schnapps? 
Abraham Erskine: Not as much as I should have. Sorry.
Steve Rogers: You know, you two are going to be in a lot of trouble when you land. 
Peggy Carter: And you won't? 
Steve Rogers: Where I'm goin', if anybody yells at me I can just shoot 'em.
Dr. Arnim Zola: I don't eat meat. 
Col. Chester Phillips: Why not? 
Dr. Arnim Zola: It disagrees with me. 
Col. Chester Phillips: How about cyanide? Does that give you the rumbly tummy, too?
Steve Rogers: I had some ideas about the uniform. 
Howard Stark: Whatever you want, pal.
Col. Chester Phillips: General Patton has said that wars are fought with weapons but are won by men. 
Loud Jerk: You just don't know when to give up, do ya? 
Steve Rogers: I could do this all day. 
Col. Chester Phillips: Our goal is to create the greatest army in history. 
Steve Rogers: I should be going with you. Look, I know you don't think I can do this... 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: This isn't a back alley, Steve. It's war! 
Col. Chester Phillips: But every army begins with one man. 
Abraham Erskine: Five tries in five different cities. I can offer you a chance. 
Col. Chester Phillips: He will be the first in a new breed of super-soldier. 
Steve Rogers: Why me? 
Abraham Erskine: Because a weak man knows the value of strength, of the value of power. 
Steve Rogers: That wasn't so bad. 
Abraham Erskine: That was penicillin. 
Col. Chester Phillips: We are going to win this war because we have the best men. 
Abraham Erskine: Now, Mr. Stark. 
Col. Chester Phillips: And they will, personally, escort Adolf Hitler to the gates of Hell.
Col. Chester Phillips: Agent Carter, coordinate with MI6. I want every allied eyeball looking for that main Hydra base. 
Peggy Carter: What about us? 
Col. Chester Phillips: We are gonna set a fire under Johann Schmidt's ass. What do you say, Rogers? It's your map, you think you can wipe Hydra off of it? 
Steve Rogers: Yes, sir. I'll need a team. 
Col. Chester Phillips: We're already putting together the best men. 
Steve Rogers: With all due respect, sir, so am I.
Steve Rogers: Who the hell are you? 
Heinz Kruger: The first of many. Cut off one head... 
Heinz Kruger: ...two more shall take its place. Hail Hydra.
Dr. Arnim Zola: What about me? Where will I sit? 
Red Skull: Not a scratch, Doctor. Not a scratch.
Johann Schmidt: Yggdrasil. Tree of the world. Guardian of wisdom. And fate, also. 
Johann Schmidt: And the Führer digs for trinkets in the desert.
James Montgomery Falsworth: To the Captain!
Johann Schmidt: Captain America! How exciting! I'm a great fan of your films!
Red Skull: You are deluded, Captain. You pretend to be a simple soldier, but in reality you are just afraid to admit that we have left humanity behind. Unlike you, I embrace it proudly. Without fear!
Peggy Carter: What do you plan to do? Walk to Austria? 
Steve Rogers: If that's what it takes. 
Peggy Carter: You heard the Colonel, your friend is most likely dead. 
Steve Rogers: You don't know that. 
Peggy Carter: Even so, he's devising a strategy to take... 
Steve Rogers: By the time he's done that, it could be too late! You told me you thought I was meant for more than this. Did you mean that? 
Peggy Carter: Every word. 
Steve Rogers: Then you gotta let me go. 
Peggy Carter: I can do more than that...
Dr. Arnim Zola: Schmidt believes he walks in the footsteps of the gods. 
Col. Chester Phillips: Hm! 
Dr. Arnim Zola: Only the world itself will satisfy him. 
Col. Chester Phillips: Did you realize that's nuts, don't you? 
Dr. Arnim Zola: The insanity of the plan is of no consequence. 
Col. Chester Phillips: And why is that? 
Dr. Arnim Zola: Because he can do it! 
Col. Chester Phillips: What's his target? 
Dr. Arnim Zola: His target is everywhere.
Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan: You know, Fritz, one of these days I'm gonna have a stick of my own.
Dr. Arnim Zola: Twenty... forty... sixty... stabilizing at seventy percent. 
Johann Schmidt: I have not come all this way for safety, doctor.
Hydra Soldier: Sir, we fought to the last man... 
Red Skull: Evidently not.
Col. Chester Phillips: Johann Schmidt belongs in a bug house. He thinks he's a God and he's willing to blow half the world prove it, starting with the U.S.A. 
Howard Stark: Schmidt's working with powers beyond our capabilities. He gets across the Atlantic, he will wipe out the entire eastern seaboard in an hour. 
Gabe Jones: How much time we got? 
Col. Chester Phillips: According to my new best friend, under twenty-four hours. 
Jim Morita: Where is he now? 
Col. Chester Phillips: Hydra's last base is here. 
Col. Chester Phillips: In the Alps. Five hundred feet below the surface. 
Jim Morita: So what are we supposed to do? I mean, it's not like we can just knock on the front door. 
Steve Rogers: Why not? That's exactly what we're gonna do.
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Don't do anything stupid until I come back. 
Steve Rogers: How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you.
Howard Stark: Just keep looking.
Search Team Leader: Are you the guys from Washington? 
SHIELD Tech: You get many other visitors out here? 
SHIELD Lieutenant: How long have you been on site? 
Search Team Leader: Since this morning. A Russian oil team called it in about eighteen hours ago. 
SHIELD Lieutenant: How come nobody spotted it before? 
Search Team Leader: It's really not that surprising. This landscape's changing all the time. You got any ideas what this thing is exactly? 
SHIELD Lieutenant: I don't know. It's probably a weather balloon. 
Search Team Leader: I don't think so. You know, we don't have the equipment for a job like this. 
SHIELD Tech: How long before we can start craning it out? 
Search Team Leader: I don't think you quite understand. You guys are gonna need one hell of a crane!
Red Skull: YOU ARE FAILING! We are close to an offensive network that will shake the planet. And yet we are continually delayed, because you cannot outwit a simpleton with a shield!
Steve Rogers, James 'Bucky' Barnes: I had him on the ropes.
SHIELD Agent: All agents, Code 13!
Tower Keeper: You cannot control the power you hold. You will burn! 
Johann Schmidt: I already have.
Howard Stark: Agent Carter, if we're not in too much of a hurry, I thought we could stop off in Lucerne for a late night fondue. 
Peggy Carter: Stark is the best civilian pilot I've ever seen. He's mad enough to brave this airspace, we're lucky to have him. 
Steve Rogers: So are you two...? Do you...? Fondue?
Steve Rogers: Peggy, that's not what you thought it was. 
Peggy Carter: I don't think anything, Captain. Not one thing. You always wanted to be a soldier and now you are. Just like all the rest. 
Steve Rogers: Well, what about you and Stark? How do I know you two haven't been... fonduing? 
Peggy Carter: You still don't know a bloody thing about women!
Steve Rogers: I can do this all day!
Johann Schmidt: Hitler speaks of a thousand year Reich, but he cannot feed his army for a month. His troops spill their blood across every field in Europe. But he is still no closer to achieving his goals. 
Roeder: And I suppose you still aim to end this war through magic? 
Johann Schmidt: Science. But I understand your confusion. Great power has always baffled primitive men. HYDRA is assembling an arsenal to destroy my enemies in one stroke. Wherever they are, regardless of how many forces they possess. All in a matter of hours. 
Schneider: *Your* enemies? 
Johann Schmidt: My weapons contain enough destructive power to decimate every hostile capital on Earth. Quite simply, gentlemen, I have harnessed the power of the gods. 
Roeder: Thank you, Schmidt. 
Johann Schmidt: For what? 
Roeder: For making it clear how obviously mad you are. 
Hutter: Berlin is on this map! 
Johann Schmidt: So it is. 
Hutter: You will be punished for your insolence! You will be brought before the Fuhrer himself! 
Johann Schmidt: My apologies, Doctor, but we both knew HYDRA could grow no further in Hitler's shadow. Hail HYDRA.
Peggy Carter: Did you have something against running away? 
Steve Rogers: You start running, they'll never let you stop. You stand up, push back. Can't say no forever, right?
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Why are you so keen to fight? There are so many important jobs. 
Steve Rogers: What am I gonna do? Collect scrap metal... 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Yes! 
Steve Rogers: ...in my little red wagon. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Why not? 
Steve Rogers: I'm not gonna sit in a factory, Bucky. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: I don't... 
Steve Rogers: Bucky, come on! There are men laying down their lives. I got no right to do any less than them. That's what you don't understand. This isn't about me. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Right. Cause you got nothing to prove.
Sergeant Duffy: Squad, halt! That flag means we're only at the halfway point. First man to bring it to me gets a ride back with Agent Carter. Move, move! 
Sergeant Duffy: Come on! Get up there! If that's all you got, this army's in trouble! Get up there, Hodge! Come on! Get up there! Nobody's gotten that flag in 17 years! Now fall back into line! Come on, fall in! Let's go! Get back into formation! 
Sergeant Duffy: Rogers! I said fall in! 
Steve Rogers: Thank you, sir.
Abraham Erskine: No, no. Wait, wait. What I am doing? No, you have procedure tomorrow. No fluids. 
Steve Rogers: All right. We'll drink it after. 
Abraham Erskine: No, I don't have procedure tomorrow. Drink it after? I drink it now.
Roeder: The Führer is not accustomed to being ignored, Herr Schmidt. He funds your research because you promised him weapons. 
Schneider: You serve at *his* pleasure. He gave you this facility as a reward for your... injuries. 
Johann Schmidt: A reward? Call it what it is... exile! I no longer reflect his vision of Aryan perfection! 
Roeder: You think this is about appearances? Your HYDRA division has failed to produce so much as a rifle in over a year, and we have learned through local intelligence you had mounted a full-scale incursion into Norway! 
Schneider: The Führer feels - how does he put it? - "the Red Skull has been indulged long enough"!
Col. Chester Phillips: Hydra is practically a cult. They basically worship Schmidt... they think he's invincible.
Steve Rogers: You get your orders? 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: The one-o-seventh. Sergeant James Barnes. Shipping out for England first thing tomorrow. 
Steve Rogers: I should be going. 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Come on, man. My last night! Gotta get you cleaned up. 
Steve Rogers: Why? Where are we going? 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: The future.
Johann Schmidt: You should be commended. Help him up. I think that you are a man of great vision. And, in this way, we are much alike. 
Tower Keeper: I am nothing like you. 
Johann Schmidt: No, of course, but what others see as superstition, you and I know to be a science. 
Tower Keeper: What you seek is just a legend. 
Johann Schmidt: Then why make such an effort to conceal it? 
Johann Schmidt: The Tesseract was the jewel of Odin's treasure room. 
Johann Schmidt: It is not something one buries. But I think it is close, yes? 
Tower Keeper: I cannot help you. 
Johann Schmidt: No. But maybe you can help your village. You must have some friends out there. Some... some little grandchildren, perhaps? I have no need for them to die.
James 'Bucky' Barnes: How many times is this? 
James 'Bucky' Barnes: Oh, you're from Paramus now? You know it's illegal to lie on the enlistment form. And seriously, Jersey?
Col. Chester Phillips: If you have something on your mind, now is the perfect time to keep it to yourself.
Steve Rogers: Why me? 
Loud Jerk: I suppose that is the only question that matters. 
Loud Jerk: This is from Augsburg, my city. So many people forget that the first country the Nazis invaded was their own. You know, after the last war, my people struggled. they felt weak... they felt small. And then Hitler comes along with the marching, and the big show, and the flags, and the, and the... and he hears of me, and my work, and he finds me, and he says "You. You will make us strong." Well, I am not interested. So he sends the head of Hydra, his research division, a brilliant scientist by the name of Johann Schmidt. Now Schmidt is a member of the inner circle and he is ambitious. he and Hitler share a passion for occult power and Teutonic myth. Hitler uses his fantasies to inspire his followers. But for Schmidt, it is not fantasy. For him, it is real. He has become convinced there is a great power hidden in the earth, left here by the gods, waiting to be seized by a superior man. So when he hears about my formula and what it can do, he cannot resist. Schmidt must become that superior man. 
Steve Rogers: Did it make him stronger? 
Loud Jerk: Yeah, but... there were other effects. The serum was not ready. But more important, the man. The serum amplifies everything inside, so good becomes great; bad becomes worse. This is why you were chosen. Because the strong man who has known power all his life, may lose respect for that power, but a weak man knows the value of strength, and knows... compassion. 
Steve Rogers: Thanks. I think. 
Loud Jerk: Get it, get it. Whatever happens tomorrow, you must promise me one thing. You will stay who you are, not a perfect soldier, but a good man.
Peggy Carter: You have no idea how to talk to a woman, do you? 
Steve Rogers: I think this is the longest conversation I've had with one. Women aren't exactly lining up to dance with a guy they might step on.
Peggy Carter: Faster, ladies! Come on! My GRANDMOTHER has more life in her, God rest her soul. MOVE IT!
Steve Rogers: We've only got about a 10 second window. You miss that window and we're all just bugs on a windshield! 
Steve Rogers: Mind the Gap!
Senator Brandt: Geez! Somebody get THAT kid a SANDWICH.
Steve Rogers: What about the others? Are you planning a rescue mission? 
Col. Chester Phillips: Yeah, it's called winning the war. 
Steve Rogers: But if you know where they are, why not at least... 
Col. Chester Phillips: They're thirty miles behind the lines, through some of the most heavily fortified territory in Europe. We'd lose more men than we'd save, but I don't expect you to understand that because you're a chorus girl. 
Steve Rogers: I think I understand just fine. 
Col. Chester Phillips: Well, then understand it somewhere else.
Col. Chester Phillips: General Patton has said that wars are fought with weapons but are won by men. We are going to win this war because we have the best... men. 
Col. Chester Phillips: ... and because they are gonna get better. Much better. The Strategic Scientific Reserve is an allied effort made up of the best minds in the free world. Our goal is to create the best army in history, but every army starts with one man. At the end of this week, we will choose that man. He will be the first in a new breed of super-soldier. You may personally escort Adolf Hitler to the gates of Hell.
Steve Rogers: Thor, what's his play? 
Thor: He has an army, called the Chitauri. They're not of Asgard or any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the Earth. In return, I suspect, for the Tesseract. 
Steve Rogers: An army. From outer space. 
Bruce Banner: So he's building another portal. That's what he needs Erik Selvig for. 
Thor: Selvig? 
Bruce Banner: He's an astrophysicist. 
Thor: He's a friend. 
Natasha Romanoff: Loki has them under some kind of spell. Along with one of ours. 
Steve Rogers: I wanna know why Loki let us take him. He's not leading an army from here. 
Bruce Banner: I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him. 
Thor: Have a care how you speak! Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard and he is my brother! 
Natasha Romanoff: He killed eighty people in two days. 
Thor: He's adopted.
Loki: Enough! You are, all of you are beneath me! I am a god, you dull creature, and I will not be bullied by... 
The Hulk: Puny god.
Tony Stark: What's the stat, Rogers? 
Steve Rogers: It seems to be powered by some sort of electricity! 
Tony Stark: ...well, you're not wrong.
Loki: The Chitauri are coming. Nothing will change that. What have I to fear? 
Tony Stark: The Avengers. That's what we call ourselves; we're sort of like a team. "Earth's Mightiest Heroes" type thing. 
Loki: Yes, I've met them. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, takes us a while to get any traction, I'll give you that one. But let's do a head count here:  your brother the demi-god; a super soldier, a living legend who kind of lives up to the legend; a man with breath-taking anger management issues; a couple of master assassins, and YOU, big fella, you've managed to piss off every single one of them. 
Loki: That was the plan. 
Tony Stark: Not a great plan. When they come, and they WILL, they'll come for you. 
Loki: I have an army. 
Tony Stark: We have a Hulk. 
Loki: I thought the beast had wandered off... 
Tony Stark: You're missing the point! There's no throne, there is no version of this where you come out on top. Maybe your army comes and maybe it's too much for us but it's all on you. Because if we can't protect the Earth, you can be damned well sure we'll avenge it!
Iron Man: Call it, Captain! 
Captain America: Alright, listen up. Until we can close that portal, our priority's containment. Barton, I want you on that roof, eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got the perimeter. Anything gets more than three blocks out, you turn it back or you turn it to ash. 
Hawkeye: Want to give me a lift? 
Iron Man: Right. Better clench up, Legolas. 
Captain America: Thor, you gotta try and bottleneck that portal. Slow 'em down. You got the lightning. Light the bastards up. 
Captain America: You and me, we stay here on the ground, keep the fighting here. And Hulk? 
Captain America: Smash!
Steve Rogers: Big man in a suit of armour. Take that off, what are you? 
Tony Stark: Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. 
Steve Rogers: I know guys with none of that worth ten of you. I've seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you. 
Tony Stark: I think I would just cut the wire. 
Steve Rogers: Always a way out... You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero. 
Tony Stark: A hero? Like you? You're a lab rat, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle! 
Steve Rogers: Put on the suit. Let's go a few rounds.
Security Guard: Are you an alien? 
Bruce Banner: What? 
Security Guard: From outer space, an alien. 
Bruce Banner: No. 
Security Guard: Well then son, you've got a condition.
Faceless Pilot: Target acquired. 
Faceless Pilot: Target engaged. 
Faceless Pilot: TARGET ANGRY! TARGET ANGRY!
Loki: Kneel before me. I said, KNEEL! 
Loki: Is not this simpler? Is this not your natural state? It's the unspoken truth of humanity, that you crave subjugation. The bright lure of freedom diminishes your life's joy in a mad scramble for power, for identity. You were made to be ruled. In the end, you will always kneel. 
German Old Man: Not to men like you. 
Loki: There are no men like me. 
German Old Man: There are *always* men like you. 
Loki: Look to your elder, people. Let him be an example. 
Steve Rogers: You know, the last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else, we ended up disagreeing. 
Loki: The soldier. A man out of time. 
Steve Rogers: I'm not the one who's out of time.
Steve Rogers: What's the matter, scared of a little lightning? 
Loki: I'm not overly fond of what follows...
Natasha Romanoff: This is just like Budapest all over again. 
Clint Barton: You and I remember Budapest very differently.
Thor: Do not touch me again! 
Tony Stark: Then don't take my stuff. 
Thor: You have no idea what you are dealing with. 
Tony Stark: Uh, Shakespeare in The Park? Doth mother know you weareth her drapes? 
Thor: This is beyond you, metal man. Loki will face Asgardian justice. 
Tony Stark: He gives up the Cube, he's all yours. Until then, stay out of the way, tourist.
Tony Stark: He made it personal. 
Steve Rogers: That's not the point. 
Tony Stark: That IS the point. That's Loki's point! He hit us all right where we live. Why? 
Steve Rogers: To tear us apart. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, divide and conquer is great, but he knows he has to take us out to win, right? THAT'S what he wants. He wants to beat us, he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience. 
Steve Rogers: Right. I caught his act at Stuttgart. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, that was just previews. This is - this is opening night. And Loki, he's a full-tilt diva, right? He wants flowers, he wants parades. He wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered... 
Tony Stark: Sonofabitch!
Natasha Romanoff: I'd sit this one out, Cap. 
Steve Rogers: I don't see how I can. 
Natasha Romanoff: These guys come from legend. They're basically gods. 
Steve Rogers: There's only one God, ma'am, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that.
Tony Stark: That man is playing Galaga! Thought we wouldn't notice. But we did.
Thor: Where is the Tesseract? 
Loki: I missed you too. 
Thor: Do I look to be in a gaming mood? 
Loki: Oh, you should thank me. With the Bifrost gone, how much dark energy did the Allfather have to muster to conjure you here, your precious Earth? 
Thor: I thought you dead. 
Loki: Did you mourn? 
Thor: We all did. Our father... 
Loki: YOUR father! He DID tell you my true parentage, did he not? 
Thor: We were raised together, we played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that? 
Loki: I remember a shadow, living in the shade of your greatness. I remember you tossing me into an abyss, I who was and should be king! 
Thor: So you take the world I love as recompense for your imagined slights? No, the Earth is under MY protection, Loki! 
Loki: And you're doing a marvelous job with that! The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you ideally threat. I mean to rule them. And why should I not? 
Thor: You think yourself above them? 
Loki: Well, yes. 
Thor: Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother. A throne would suit you ill. 
Loki: I've seen worlds you've never known about! I have grown, Odin's Son, in my exile! I have seen the true power of the Tesseract, and when I wield it... 
Thor: Who showed you this power? Who controls the would-be-king? 
Loki: I AM a king! 
Thor: Not here! You give up the Tesseract! You give up this pointless dream!... You come home. 
Loki: ...I don't have it. 
Loki: You need the cube to bring me home, but I've sent it off, I know not where. 
Thor: You listen well, brother. I... 
Loki: I'm listening.
Steve Rogers: Does Loki need any particular kind of power source? 
Bruce Banner: He'd have to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier. 
Tony Stark: Unless Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunnelling effect. 
Bruce Banner: Well, if he could do that, he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet. 
Tony Stark: Finally, someone who speaks English. 
Steve Rogers: Is that what just happened? 
Tony Stark: It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner. Your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled. And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster. 
Bruce Banner: Thanks. 
Nick Fury: Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube. I was hoping you might join him. 
Steve Rogers: Let's start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon. 
Nick Fury: I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube. And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys. 
Thor: Monkeys? I do not understand. 
Steve Rogers: I do! 
Steve Rogers: I understood that reference.
Pepper Potts: Is this about the Avengers? Which I know nothing about. 
Tony Stark: The Avengers initiative was scrapped, I thought. And I didn't even qualify. 
Pepper Potts: I didn't know that either. 
Tony Stark: Apparently I'm volatile, self-obsessed, and don't play well with others. 
Pepper Potts: That I did know.
Steve Rogers: Stark, we need a plan of attack! 
Tony Stark: I have a plan:  attack!
Nick Fury: You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is? 
Thor: I do not know. Loki's mind is far afield. It's not just power he craves, it's vengeance, upon me. There's no pain would prise his need from him. 
Nick Fury: A lot of guys think that. Until the pain starts. 
Thor: What are you asking me to do? 
Nick Fury: I'm asking, what are you prepared to do? 
Thor: Loki is a prisoner. 
Nick Fury: Then why do I feel like he's the only person on this boat that wants to be here?
Waitress: Waiting on the big guy? 
Steve Rogers: Ma'am? 
Waitress: Iron Man. A lot of people eat here just to see him fly by. 
Steve Rogers: Right. Maybe another time. 
Waitress: The table's yours as long as you like. Nobody's waiting on it. Plus we've got free wireless. 
Steve Rogers: Radio? 
Stan Lee: Ask for her number, you moron.
Tony Stark: What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me. 
Steve Rogers: We won. 
Tony Stark: Alright. Hey. Alright. Good job, guys. Let's just not come in tomorrow. Let's just take a day. Have you ever tried shawarma? There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it.
Loki: If it's all the same to you, I'll have that drink now.
Loki: Please tell me you're going to appeal to my humanity 
Tony Stark: Uh, actually I'm planning to threaten you. 
Loki: You should have left your armor on for that. 
Tony Stark: Yeah. It's seen a bit of "mileage" and you got the "glow-stick of destiny". Would you like a drink? 
Loki: Stalling me won't change anything 
Tony Stark: No, no no, threatening! No drink? You sure? I'm having one.
Steve Rogers: Stark, are you seeing any of this? 
Tony Stark: Seeing, still working on believing.
Agent Phil Coulson: Mr Stark, we need to talk. 
Tony Stark: You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark, please leave a message. 
Agent Phil Coulson: This is urgent. 
Tony Stark: Then leave it urgently. 
Tony Stark: Security breach. 
Tony Stark: That's on you. 
Agent Phil Coulson: Mr Stark. 
Pepper Potts: Phil! Come in. 
Tony Stark: "Phil?" Uh, his first name is "Agent."
Tony Stark: You really have got a lid on it, haven't you? What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?
Tony Stark: How does Fury even see these? 
Maria Hill: He turns. 
Tony Stark: Sounds exhausting.
World Security Council: Director Fury, the council has made a decision. 
Nick Fury: I recognise the council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid-ass decision, I've elected to ignore it. 
World Security Council: It's a nuclear missile to take out the portal! 
Nick Fury: Situated at the island of MANHATTAN!
Thor: I have unfinished business with Loki. 
Clint Barton: Yeah? Get in line.
Thor: I thought humans were more evolved than this. 
Nick Fury: Excuse me, did WE come to YOUR planet and blow stuff up?
Steve Rogers: Doctor Banner, now might be a good time for you to get angry. 
Bruce Banner: That's my secret, Captain:  I'm always angry.
Natasha Romanoff: Are you really that dense? S.H.I.E.L.D. monitors potential threats. 
Bruce Banner: Captain America is on threat watch? 
Natasha Romanoff: We ALL are! 
Tony Stark: You're on that list? Are you above or below angry bees? 
Steve Rogers: I swear, Stark, one more wisecrack out of you... 
Tony Stark: Verbal threat! Threatening! I'm being threatened!
Tony Stark: You know, I've got a cluster of shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart. 
Tony Stark: This stops it. This little circle of light. It's part of me now, not just armor. It's a... terrible privilege. 
Bruce Banner: But you can control it. 
Tony Stark: Because I learned how. 
Bruce Banner: It's different. 
Tony Stark: Hey, I've read all about your accident. That much gamma exposure should have killed you. 
Bruce Banner: So you're saying that the Hulk... the other guy... saved my life? That's nice. It's a nice sentiment. Save it for what? 
Tony Stark: I guess we'll find out. 
Bruce Banner: You might not like that. 
Tony Stark: You just might.
Loki: How will your friends have time for me, when they're so busy fighting you? 
Loki: This usually works... 
Tony Stark: Well, performance issues, it's not uncommon. One out of five...
Natasha Romanoff: I want to know what you've done to Agent Barton. 
Loki: I would say I've expanded his mind. 
Natasha Romanoff: And once you've won, once you're king of the mountain, what happens to his mind? 
Loki: Oh. Is this love, Agent Romanoff? 
Natasha Romanoff: Love is for children. I owe him a debt. 
Loki: Tell me. 
Natasha Romanoff: Before I worked for SHIELD, I, uh... Well, I made a name for myself. I have a very specific skill set. I didn't care who I used it for, or on. I got on SHIELD's radar in a bad way. Agent Barton was sent to kill me. He made a different call. 
Loki: And what will you do if I vow to spare him? 
Natasha Romanoff: Not let you out. 
Loki: No, but I like this. Your world in the balance, and you bargain for one man. 
Natasha Romanoff: Regimes fall every day. I tend not to weep over that, I'm Russian... or was. 
Loki: And what are you now? 
Natasha Romanoff: It's really not that complicated. I've got red in my ledger, I'd like to wipe it out. 
Loki: Can you? Can you wipe out that much red? Dreykov's daughter, Sao Paulo, the hospital fire? 
Loki: Barton told me everything. Your ledger is dripping, it's GUSHING red, and you think saving a man no more virtuous than yourself will change anything? This is the basest sentimentality. This is a child at prayer... PATHETIC! You lie and kill in the service of liars and killers. You pretend to be separate, to have your own code. Something that makes up for the horrors. But they are a part of you, and they will never go away!... I won't touch Barton. Not until I make him kill you! 
Loki: Slowly, intimately, in every way he knows you fear! And then he'll wake just long enough to see his good work, and when he screams, I'll split his skull! This is MY bargain, you mewling quim! 
Natasha Romanoff: You're a monster! 
Loki: Oh no, you brought the monster. 
Natasha Romanoff: So, Banner... that's your play. 
Loki: ...What? 
Natasha Romanoff: Loki means to unleash the Hulk. Keep Banner in the lab, I'm on my way. Send Thor as well. 
Natasha Romanoff: Thank you... for your cooperation.
Stan Lee: Superheroes? In New York? Give me a break!
Agent Phil Coulson: You're at 114 Solenski Plaza, 3rd floor. We have an F-22 exactly eight miles out. Put the woman on the phone or I will blow up the block before you can make the lobby. 
Agent Phil Coulson: We need you to come in. 
Natasha Romanoff: Are you kidding? I'm working. 
Agent Phil Coulson: This takes precedence. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm in the middle of an interrogation. This moron is giving me everything. 
Georgi Luchkov: I don't... give everything. 
Natasha Romanoff: Look, you can't pull me out of this right now 
Agent Phil Coulson: Natasha, Barton's been compromised. 
Natasha Romanoff: Let me put you on hold.
Tony Stark: Make a move, Reindeer Games... 
Tony Stark: Good move. 
Steve Rogers: Mr. Stark. 
Tony Stark: Captain.
Bruce Banner: So... this all seems horrible. 
Black Widow: I've seen worse. 
Bruce Banner: Sorry. 
Black Widow: No, we could... use... a little worse.
Jarvis: Power to four-hundred percent capacity. 
Tony Stark: How about that?
Tony Stark: I thought we were having a moment. 
Pepper Potts: I was having 12% of a moment.
Natasha Romanoff: Gentlemen, you might want to step inside in a minute. It's going to get a little hard to breathe. 
Steve Rogers: Is this a submarine? 
Bruce Banner: Really? They want me submerged in a pressurized metal container? 
Bruce Banner: Oh, no, this is MUCH worse!
Steve Rogers: Hey! That's enough! 
Steve Rogers: Now, I don't know what you plan on doing here. 
Thor: I've come here to put and end to Loki's schemes! 
Steve Rogers: Then prove it! Put the hammer down. 
Tony Stark: Um, yeah, no! Bad call! He loves his hammer! 
Thor: You want me to put the hammer down? 
Steve Rogers: Are we done here?
Tony Stark: What else you got? 
Clint Barton: Well, Thor's taking on a squadron down on Sixth. 
Tony Stark: And he didn't invite me...
Natasha Romanoff: Doctor, we're facing a potential global catastrophe. 
Bruce Banner: Well, THOSE I actively try to avoid. 
Natasha Romanoff: This is the Tesseract. 
Natasha Romanoff: It has the potential energy to wipe out the planet. 
Bruce Banner: What does Fury want me to do? Swallow it? 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, he wants you to find it. It's been taken. It omits a gamma signature that's too weak for us to trace. There's no one that knows gamma radiation like you do. If there was, that's where I'd be. 
Bruce Banner: So Fury isn't after the monster? 
Natasha Romanoff: Not that he's told me. 
Bruce Banner: And he tells you everything? 
Natasha Romanoff: Talk to Fury, he needs you on this. 
Bruce Banner: He needs me in a cage? 
Natasha Romanoff: No one's gonna put you in a... 
Bruce Banner: STOP LYING TO ME! 
Bruce Banner: I'm sorry, that was mean. I just wanted to see what you'd do. Why don't we do this the easy way, where you don't use that, and the other guy doesn't make a mess? Okay? 
Bruce Banner: Natasha? 
Natasha Romanoff: Stand down. We're good here. 
Bruce Banner: Just you and me?
Tony Stark: JARVIS, have you heard the tale of Jonah? 
Jarvis: I wouldn't consider him a role model.
Thor: You people are so petty... and tiny.
Steve Rogers: Stark? We got him. 
Tony Stark: Banner...? 
Steve Rogers: Just like you said. 
Tony Stark: Then tell him to suit up... I'm bringing the party to you. 
Natasha Romanoff: I - I don't see how that's a party.
Steve Rogers: Is everything a joke to you? 
Tony Stark: Funny things are.
Nick Fury: Having trouble sleeping? 
Steve Rogers: I've been asleep for 70 years. I think I've had enough rest.
Steve Rogers: When I went under, the world was at war. I wake up, they say we won. They didn't say what we lost. 
Nick Fury: We've made some mistakes along the way. Some, very recently. 
Steve Rogers: Are you here with a mission, sir? 
Nick Fury: I am. 
Steve Rogers: Trying to get me back in the world? 
Nick Fury: Trying to save it. 
Steve Rogers: HYDRA's secret weapon. 
Nick Fury: Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you. He thought what we think:  the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy. That's something the world sorely needs. 
Steve Rogers: Who took it from you? 
Nick Fury: He's called Loki. He's not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know. 
Steve Rogers: At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me. 
Nick Fury: Ten bucks says you're wrong. There's a debriefing packet waiting for you at your apartment. Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now? 
Steve Rogers: You should have left it in the ocean.
Natasha Romanoff: Clint, you're gonna be alright. 
Clint Barton: You know that? Is that what you know? I got... I gotta go in though. I gotta flush him out. 
Natasha Romanoff: You gotta level out, that's gonna take time. 
Clint Barton: You don't understand. Have you ever had someone take your brain and play? Take you out and stuff something else in? You know what it's like to be unmade? 
Natasha Romanoff: You know that I do. 
Clint Barton: Why am I back? How'd you get him out? 
Natasha Romanoff: Cognitive re-calibration. I hit you really hard in the head. 
Clint Barton: Thanks.
Captain America: You need men in these buildings. There are people inside and they're going to be running right into the line of fire. You take them to the basements, or through the subway. You keep them off the streets. I need a perimeter as far back as 39th. 
Police Sergeant: Why the hell should I take orders from you? 
Police Sergeant: I need men in those buildings. Lead the people down and away from the streets. We're going to set up a perimeter all the way down 39th Street.
Loki: Please don't. I still need that. 
Nick Fury: This doesn't have to get any messier. 
Loki: Of course it does. I've come too far anything else. I am Loki, of Asgard and I am burdened with glorious purpose. 
Selvig: Loki, brother of Thor. 
Nick Fury: We have no quarrel with your people. 
Loki: An ant has no quarrel with a boot. 
Nick Fury: Are you planning to step on us? 
Loki: I come with glad tidings of a world made free. 
Nick Fury: Free from what? 
Loki: Freedom. Freedom is life's great lie. Once you accept that, in your heart... 
Loki: ...you will know peace. 
Nick Fury: Yeah, you say "peace," I kind of think you mean the other thing. 
Clint Barton: Sir, Director Fury is stalling. This place is about to blow and drop a hundred feet of rock on us. He means to bury us. 
Nick Fury: Like the pharaohs of old. 
Selvig: He's right. The portal is collapsing in on itself. We've got maybe two minutes before this goes critical. 
Loki: Well, then...
Tony Stark: I'm not afraid to hit an old man.
Tony Stark: Well, I got his attention. What the hell was step two?
Thor: We on Asgard pretend that we are more advanced, but we, we come here battling like Bilgesnipe. 
Agent Phil Coulson: Like what? 
Thor: The Bilgesnipe, you know; huge, scaly, big antlers. You don't have those? 
Agent Phil Coulson: Don't think so. 
Thor: They are repulsive, and they trample everything in their path.
Tony Stark: An intelligence agency that FEARS intelligence? Historically, not awesome.
Steve Rogers: We have orders, we should follow them. 
Tony Stark: Following's not really my style. 
Steve Rogers: And you're all about style, aren't you? 
Tony Stark: Of the people in this room, which one is A - wearing a spangly outfit and B - not of use?
Tony Stark: Why did Fury call us in? Why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables. 
Steve Rogers: You think Fury's hiding something? 
Tony Stark: He's a spy. Captain. He's THE spy. His secrets have secrets.
Steve Rogers: I don't like it. 
Tony Stark: What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily? 
Steve Rogers: I don't remember it being ever that easy. This guy packs a wallop. 
Tony Stark: Still, you are pretty spry, for an older fellow. What's your thing, Pilates? 
Steve Rogers: What? 
Tony Stark: It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle. 
Steve Rogers: Fury didn't tell me he was calling you in. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you.
World Security Council: Where are the Avengers? 
Nick Fury: I'm not currently tracking their whereabouts. I'd say they've earned a leave of absence. 
World Security Council: And the Tesseract? 
Nick Fury: The Tesseract is where it belongs:  out of our reach. 
World Security Council: That's not your call. 
Nick Fury: I didn't make it. I just didn't argue with the god that did. 
World Security Council: So you let him take it and the war criminal, Loki, who should be answering for his crimes? 
Nick Fury: Oh, I think he will be. 
World Security Council: I don't think you understand what you've started. Letting the Avengers loose on this world. They're dangerous. 
Nick Fury: They surely are. And the whole world knows it. Every world knows it. 
World Security Council: Was that the point of all this? A statement? 
Nick Fury: A promise.
Pepper Potts: Levels are holding steady... I think. 
Tony Stark: Of course they are, I was directly involved. Which brings me to my next question:  how does it feel to be a genius? 
Pepper Potts: Well, ha, I really wouldn't know now, would I? 
Tony Stark: What do you mean? All this came from you. 
Pepper Potts: No. All this came from that. 
Tony Stark: Give yourself some credit, please. Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself... 12% of the credit. 
Pepper Potts: Twelve percent? 
Tony Stark: An argument can be made for fifteen. 
Pepper Potts: Twelve percent for my baby? 
Tony Stark: Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things. And sorry, but the security snafu? That was on you. 
Pepper Potts: Oooooh. 
Tony Stark: My private elevator... 
Pepper Potts: You mean OUR elevator? 
Tony Stark: ...was teeming with sweaty workmen. I'm going to pay for that comment about percentages in some subtle way later, aren't I? 
Pepper Potts: Not gonna be that subtle. 
Tony Stark: I'll tell you what. Next building's gonna say 'Potts' on the tower. 
Pepper Potts: On the lease. 
Tony Stark: ...Call your mom, can you bunk over?
Steve Rogers: Word is you can find the cube. 
Bruce Banner: Is that the only word on me? 
Steve Rogers: Only word I care about.
Loki: Are you ever NOT going to fall for that?
Natasha Romanoff: Where is Barton now? 
Agent Phil Coulson: We don't know. 
Natasha Romanoff: But he's alive? 
Agent Phil Coulson: We think so. I'll brief you on everything when you get back. But first, we need you to talk to the big guy. 
Natasha Romanoff: Coulson, you know that Stark trusts me about as far as he can throw me. 
Agent Phil Coulson: Oh, I've got Stark. You get the big guy. 
Natasha Romanoff: Bozhe moi.
Maintenance Guy: Uh... You are not authorized to be here! 
Steve Rogers: Son... just don't.
Nick Fury: What are you doing, Mr Stark? 
Tony Stark: Uh, kind of been wondering the same thing about you. 
Nick Fury: You're supposed to be locating the Tesseract! 
Bruce Banner: We are! The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now. When we get the hit, we'll have a signature within half a mile. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, you'll get your cube back, no mas, no fuss. 
Tony Stark: What is Phase 2? 
Steve Rogers: Phase 2 is SHIELD uses the Cube to make weapons! Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me. 
Nick Fury: Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract, this does not mean that we... 
Tony Stark: I'm sorry Nick, what were you lying? 
Steve Rogers: I was wrong, Director. The world hasn't changed a bit.
Tony Stark: You should come by Stark Tower sometime. Top 10 floors all R&D, you'd love it... it's candyland. 
Bruce Banner: Thanks, but the last time I was in New York I kind of broke... Harlem.
Steve Rogers: You think you can hold them off? 
Clint Barton: Captain, it would be my genuine pleasure.
The Other: Humans... They are not the cowering wretches we were promised. They stand. They are unruly, and therefore cannot be ruled. To challenge them is to court death.
Loki: Kneel! 
Steve Rogers: Not today!
Tony Stark: In a few hours I'll know every dirty secret S.H.I.E.L.D. has been trying to hide. Blueberry?
Steve Rogers: Was he married? 
Tony Stark: No. There was a, uh... cellist. I think. 
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry. He seemed like a good man. 
Tony Stark: He was an idiot. 
Steve Rogers: Why? For believing? 
Tony Stark: For taking on Loki alone. 
Steve Rogers: He was doing his job. 
Tony Stark: He was out of his league. He should have waited. He should have... 
Steve Rogers: Sometimes there isn't a way out, Tony. 
Tony Stark: Right, I've heard that before. 
Steve Rogers: Is this the first time you've lost a soldier? 
Tony Stark: WE ARE NOT SOLDIERS! I am not marching to Fury's fife! 
Steve Rogers: Neither am I! He's got the same blood on his hands that Loki does. But right now we've got to put that behind us and get this done.
Tony Stark: No hard feelings, Point Break. You've got a mean swing.
Thor: Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it... and his allies. It is a signal to the Realm that Earth is ready for a higher form of war! 
Nick Fury: Higher form? You forced our hand! We had to come up with some way that we could... 
Tony Stark: A nuclear deterrent? Cause that always works well... 
Nick Fury: Remind me how you made your fortune, Mr Stark.
Maria Hill: When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics? 
Tony Stark: Last night. The packet. Selvig's notes, the extraction theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading?
Thor: You speak of control, yet you court chaos. 
Bruce Banner: It's his M.O., isn't it? I mean, what are we, a team? No, no, no. We're a chemical mixture that makes chaos. We're... we're a time-bomb. 
Nick Fury: You need to step away. 
Tony Stark: Why shouldn't the guy let off a little steam? 
Steve Rogers: You know damn well why! Back off! 
Tony Stark: Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me.
Clint Barton: Tasha, how many agents did I-? 
Natasha Romanoff: Don't. Don't do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic and nothing we were ever trained for. 
Clint Barton: Loki, he got away? 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah. Don't suppose you know where? 
Clint Barton: Didn't need to know. Didn't ask. He's gonna make his play soon though. Today. 
Natasha Romanoff: We gotta stop him. 
Clint Barton: Yeah, who's "we"? 
Natasha Romanoff: I don't know. Whoever's left. 
Clint Barton: Well, I... if I put an arrow through Loki's eye socket, I'd sleep better, I s'pose. 
Natasha Romanoff: Now you sound like you. 
Clint Barton: But you don't. You're a spy, not a soldier. Now you want to wade into a war. Why? What did Loki do to you? 
Natasha Romanoff: He didn't, I just... 
Clint Barton: Natasha. 
Natasha Romanoff: I've been compromised. I got red in my ledger. I'd like to wipe it out.
Agent Phil Coulson: You're gonna lose. 
Loki: Am I? 
Agent Phil Coulson: It's in your nature. 
Loki: Your heroes are scattered, your floating fortress falls from the sky... where is my disadvantage? 
Agent Phil Coulson: You lack conviction. 
Loki: I don't think I... 
Agent Phil Coulson: So that's what it does.
Natasha Romanoff: Doctor Banner... Bruce, you gotta fight it. This is just what Loki wants. We're gonna be okay. Listen to me. We're gonna be okay, right? I swear on my life I will get you out of this! You will walk away, and never... 
Bruce Banner: YOUR LIFE...?
Steve Rogers: Are you nuts? 
Tony Stark: Jury's out.
Black Widow: I can close it. Can anybody copy? I can shut the portal down. 
Captain America: Do it! 
Iron Man: No wait! 
Captain America: Stark, these things are still coming! 
Iron Man: I got a nuke coming in. It's going to blow in less than a minute, and I know just where to put it. 
Captain America: Stark, you know that's a one way trip? 
Iron Man: Save the rest for the turn, J. 
Jarvis: Sir, shall I try Ms. Potts? 
Iron Man: Might as well.
Nick Fury: Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr. Banner back to his... 
Bruce Banner: Back where? You rented my room. 
Nick Fury: The cell was built... 
Bruce Banner: In case you needed to kill me, but you can't! I know! I tried!... I got low. I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth... and the other guy spit it out! So I moved on. I focused on helping other people. I was good, until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk! 
Bruce Banner: You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You wanna know how I stay calm? 
Steve Rogers: Doctor Banner... put down the scepter. 
Tony Stark: Got it. 
Bruce Banner: Sorry, kids. You don't get to see my little party trick after all.
Jarvis: Sir, I've shut down the Arc Reactor, but the device is already self-sustaining. 
Iron Man: Shut it down, Dr. Selvig. 
Selvig: It's too late! She can't stop now. She wants to show us something! A new universe. 
Iron Man: OK. 
Jarvis: The barrier is pure energy. It's unbreachable. 
Iron Man: Yeah I got that - Plan B. 
Jarvis: Sir, the Mark VII is not ready for deployment. 
Iron Man: Then skip the spinning rims! We're on the clock!
Natasha Romanoff: You want to think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor? 
Bruce Banner: I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed. 
Natasha Romanoff: Loki is manipulating you. 
Bruce Banner: And you been doing what, exactly? 
Natasha Romanoff: You didn't come here because I batted my eyelashes at you. 
Bruce Banner: Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy.
Maria Hill: Sir, how does it work now? They've gone their separate ways, some pretty extremely far. We get into a situation like this again, what happens then? 
Nick Fury: They'll come back. 
Maria Hill: You really sure about that? 
Nick Fury: I am. 
Maria Hill: Why? 
Nick Fury: Because we'll need them to.
Black Widow: Captain, none of this is going to mean a damn thing if we don't close that portal. 
Captain America: Our biggest guns couldn't touch it. 
Black Widow: Well, maybe it's not about guns. 
Captain America: If you want to get up there, you're gonna need a ride. 
Black Widow: I got a ride. I could use a boost, though. 
Captain America: Are you sure about this? 
Black Widow: Yeah. It's gonna be fun.
Bruce Banner: I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction. 
Nick Fury: Because of him! 
Thor: Me? 
Nick Fury: Last year, Earth had a visit from another planet that had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously outgunned. 
Thor: My people want nothing but peace with your planet! 
Nick Fury: But you're not the only ones out there, are you? And you're not the only threat. The world is filling up with people that can't be matched, that can't be controlled! 
Steve Rogers: Like you control the cube?
Tony Stark: Raise the mizzenmast! Jib the topsails!
Bruce Banner: Should have got paid up front, Banner. 
Natasha Romanoff: You know, for a man who's supposed to be avoiding stress, you picked a hell of a place to settle. 
Bruce Banner: Avoiding stress isn't the secret. 
Natasha Romanoff: Then, what is it? Yoga? 
Bruce Banner: You brought me to the edge of the city, smart. I uh... assume the whole place is surrounded? 
Natasha Romanoff: Just you and me. 
Bruce Banner: And your actress buddy, is she a spy too? Do they start that young? 
Natasha Romanoff: I did. 
Bruce Banner: Who are you? 
Natasha Romanoff: Natasha Romanoff. 
Bruce Banner: Are you here to kill me, Miss Romanoff? Because that's not gonna work out for everyone. 
Natasha Romanoff: No. No. Of course not. I'm here on behalf of SHIELD. 
Bruce Banner: SHIELD. How did they find me? 
Natasha Romanoff: We never lost you, doctor. We've kept our distance, even helped keep some other interested parties off your scent. 
Bruce Banner: Why? 
Natasha Romanoff: Nick Fury seems to trust you. But now I need you to come in. 
Bruce Banner: What if I said no? 
Natasha Romanoff: I'll persuade you. 
Bruce Banner: And what if the... other guy says no? 
Natasha Romanoff: You've been more than a year without an incident. I don't think you wanna break that streak. 
Bruce Banner: I don't get always what I want.
Steve Rogers: Have you got a suit? 
Clint Barton: Yeah. 
Steve Rogers: Then suit up.
Nick Fury: Until such time as the world ends, we will act as though it intends to spin on.
Tony Stark: You're good on this end. The rest is up to you. 
Pepper Potts: You disconnected the transition lines? Are we off the grid? 
Tony Stark: Stark Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy. 
Pepper Potts: Wow. So maybe our reactor takes over and it actually works? 
Tony Stark: I assume. Light her up. 
Pepper Potts: How does it look? 
Tony Stark: Like Christmas, but with more... *me.*
Young Cop: It's gonna be an hour before they can scramble the national guard! 
Police Sergeant: National Guard? Does the army know what's happening here? 
Young Cop: Do we?
Pepper Potts: Come on in. We're celebrating. 
Tony Stark: Which is why he can't stay. 
Agent Phil Coulson: We need you to look this over as soon as possible. 
Tony Stark: I don't like being handed things... 
Pepper Potts: That's fine, because I love to be handed things. 
Pepper Potts: So, let's trade. 
Pepper Potts: Thank you. 
Tony Stark: Official consulting hours are between 8 and 5 every other Thursday.
The Other: The Chitauri grow restless. 
Loki: Let them gird themselves. I will lead them into glorious battle. 
The Other: Battle? Against the meager might of Earth? 
Loki: Glorious, not lengthy. If your force is as formidable as you claim. 
The Other: You question us? You question HIM? He, who put the scepter in your hand, who gave you ancient knowledge and new purpose when you were cast out, defeated? 
Loki: I was a king, the rightful king of Asgard! Betrayed! 
The Other: Your ambition is little, born of childish need. We look beyond the Earth to greater worlds the Tesseract will unveil. 
Loki: You don't have the Tesseract yet. I don't threaten, but until I open the doors, until your force is mine to command, you are but words. 
The Other: You will have your war, Asgardian. If you fail, if the Tesseract is kept from us, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice where he can not find you. You think you know pain? He will make you long for something as sweet as pain.
Agent Phil Coulson: I'm sorry, boss. The god rabbited. 
Nick Fury: Just stay awake. Eyes on me. 
Agent Phil Coulson: No. I'm clocked out here. 
Nick Fury: Not an option. 
Agent Phil Coulson: It's okay, boss. This was never going to work... if they didn't have something... to... 
Nick Fury: Agent Coulson is down. 
Unknown SHIELD Agent: Paramedics are on their way. 
Nick Fury: They're already here. 
Nick Fury: They called it.
Tony Stark: Cap, pull the lever! 
Steve Rogers: I need a minute here! 
Tony Stark: Lever. Now!
Clint Barton: Stark? Got a lot of strays sniffing your tail. 
Tony Stark: Just trying to keep them off the streets. 
Clint Barton: Well, they can't bank worth a damn. Find a tight corner. 
Tony Stark: I will roger that.
Steve Rogers: So this Doctor Banner was trying to replicate the serum that was used on me? 
Agent Phil Coulson: A lot of people were. You were the world's first superhero. Banner thought gamma radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine's original formula. 
Steve Rogers: Didn't really go his way, did it? 
Agent Phil Coulson: Not so much. When he's not that thing though, guy's like a Stephen Hawking. 
Agent Phil Coulson: He's like a smart person. I gotta say, it's an honor to meet you, officially. I sort of met you, I mean, I watched you while you were sleeping. I mean, I was... I was present while you were unconscious from the ice. You know, it's really, it's just a... just a huge honor to have you on board. 
Steve Rogers: Well, I hope I'm the man for the job. 
Agent Phil Coulson: Oh, you are. Absolutely. Uh... we've made some modifications to the uniform. I had a little design input. 
Steve Rogers: The uniform? Aren't the stars and stripes a little... old-fashioned? 
Agent Phil Coulson: With everything that's happening, the things that are about to come to light, people might just need a little old-fashioned.
Nick Fury: Doctor, thank you for coming. 
Bruce Banner: Thanks for asking nicely. So, uh... how long am I staying? 
Nick Fury: Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you're in the clear. 
Bruce Banner: Where are you with that? 
Agent Phil Coulson: We're sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. Cell phones, laptops. If it's connected to a satellite, it's eyes and ears for us. 
Natasha Romanoff: That's still not gonna find them in time. 
Bruce Banner: You have to narrow the field. How many spectrometers do you have access to? 
Nick Fury: How many are there? 
Bruce Banner: Call every lab you know, tell them to put the spectrometers on the roof and calibrate them for gamma rays. I'll rough out a tracking algorithm based on cluster recognition. At least we could rule out a few places. Do you have somewhere for me to work? 
Nick Fury: Agent Romanoff, would you show Dr. Banner to his laboratory, please. 
Natasha Romanoff: You're gonna love it, Doc. We got all the toys.
Nick Fury: I gave you this detail so you could keep a close eye on things. 
Clint Barton: Well I see better from a distance. 
Nick Fury: Are you seeing anything that might set this thing off? 
Clint Barton: No one's come or gone. And Selvig's clean. No contacts, IMs. If there was any tampering, sir, it wasn't at this end. 
Nick Fury: At this end? 
Clint Barton: Yeah. The Cube is a doorway to the other end of space, right? Doors open up both sides. 
Nick Fury: Sir, please put down the spear.
World Security Council: This is out of line, Director. You're dealing with forces you can't control. 
Nick Fury: You ever been in a war, Councilman? In a firefight? Did you feel an over-abundance of control? 
World Security Council: You're saying that this Asgard has declared war on our planet? 
Nick Fury: Not Asgard, Loki! 
World Security Council: He can't be working alone. What about the other one, his brother? 
Nick Fury: Our intelligence says Thor is not a hostile. But he's worlds away, we can't depend on him to help either. It's up to us. 
World Security Council: Which is why you should be focusing on Phase 2, it was designed for exactly... 
Nick Fury: Phase 2 isn't ready, our enemy is. We need a response team.
Nick Fury: Where's Barton? 
Selvig: The Hawk? Up in his nest, as usual.
Pepper Potts: What is all of this? 
Tony Stark: This is, uh... 
Tony Stark: This. 
Pepper Potts: I'm going to take the jet to D.C. tonight. 
Tony Stark: Tomorrow. 
Pepper Potts: You've got homework. You've got a lot of homework.
Maria Hill: Sir, those cards were in Phil Coulson's locker, not his pocket. 
Nick Fury: They needed a push in the right direction. 
Nick Fury: They got it.
The Other: The Tesseract has awakened. It is on a little world. A human world. They would wield its power, but our ally knows its workings as they never will. He is ready to lead. And our force, our Chitauri, will follow. The world will be his. The universe yours. And the humans, what can they do but burn?
Selvig: The Tesseract is showing me so much. It's more than just knowledge, it's... truth. 
Loki: I know. What did it show you, Agent Barton? 
Clint Barton: My next target. 
Loki: Tell me what you need. 
Clint Barton: I'll need a distraction. 
Clint Barton: And an eyeball.
Thor: We are not your enemies, Banner! Try to think!
Thor: Loki, turn off the Tesseract or I will destroy it! 
Loki: You can't! There's no stopping it. There is only the war! 
Thor: So be it!
Nick Fury: I still believe in heroes.
Thor: You have no idea what you're dealing with. 
Tony Stark: Ah... Shakespeare in the park? 
Tony Stark: Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?
Maria Hill: You put those people together, you can't expect what's going to happen...
Loki: You WILL kneel before me!
Agent Phil Coulson: What do we do? 
Nick Fury: We get ready.
Agent Phil Coulson: I think we need to time-out.
Nick Fury: Gentlemen, you're up!
Natasha Romanoff: There was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice. I thought Coulson was gonna swoon. Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet? 
Steve Rogers: Trading cards? 
Natasha Romanoff: They're vintage, he's very proud.
Maria Hill: Thor, what's his play? 
Thor: He has an army, called the Chitauri. They're not of Asgard or any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the Earth. In return, I suspect, for the Tesseract. 
Maria Hill: An army. From outer space. 
Natasha Romanoff: So he's building another portal. That's what he needs Erik Selvig for. 
Thor: Selvig? 
Natasha Romanoff: He's an astrophysicist. 
Thor: He's a friend. 
Natasha Romanoff: Loki has them under some kind of spell. Along with one of ours. 
Maria Hill: I wanna know why Loki let us take him. He's not leading an army from here. 
Bruce Banner: I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him. 
Thor: Take care how you speak. Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard. And he is my brother. 
Natasha Romanoff: He killed eighty people in two days. 
Thor: ...He's adopted.
Georgi Luchkov: This is not how I wanted this evening to go. 
Natasha Romanoff: I know how you wanted this evening to go. Believe me, this is better.
Natasha Romanoff: Come on, Stark...
Loki: I come with glad tidings. Of a world made free. 
Nick Fury: Free from what? 
Loki: Freedom... Freedom is life's great lie. Once you accept that, in your heart... Loki puts the scepter to Selvig... Stellan Skarsgård... You will know peace.
Steve Rogers: Okay, the relays are intact. What's our next move? 
Tony Stark: Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won't re-engage without a jump. I'm gonna have to get in there and push. 
Steve Rogers: Well, if that thing gets up to speed, you'll get shredded. 
Tony Stark: That stator control unit can reverse the polarity long enough to disengage maglev and that could... 
Steve Rogers: Speak English! 
Tony Stark: See that red lever? 
Tony Stark: It'll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out. Stand by it. Wait for my word.
Maria Hill: Talk to me. 
Carrier Bridge Tech: Turbine looks mostly intact, but it's impossible to get out there to make repairs while we're in the air. 
Maria Hill: If we lose one more engine, we won't be.
Nick Fury: Bring the carrier about to a 1-8-0, heading south! Take us to the water! 
Carrier Bridge Tech: We're flying blind. Navigation's recalibrating after the engine failure. 
Nick Fury: Is the sun coming up? 
Carrier Bridge Tech: Yes, sir. 
Nick Fury: Then put it on the left. Get us over water. One more turbine goes down, and we drop.
Loki: The humans think us immortal. Should we test that? 
Agent Phil Coulson: Move away, please. You like this? We started working on the prototype after you sent the Destroyer. Even I don't know what it does. 
Agent Phil Coulson: Do you want to find out? 
Thor: NOOOO!
Maria Hill: There's only one God ma'am. And I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that!
Nick Fury: In case it's unclear, if you try to escape, you so much as scratch that glass... 
Nick Fury: ...it's 30,000 feet straight down in a steel trap. You get how that works? Ant... boot. 
Loki: It's an impressive cage. Not built, I think, for me. 
Nick Fury: Built for something a lot stronger than you. 
Loki: Oh, I've heard. The mindless beast, makes play he's still a man. How desperate are you, that you call on such lost creatures to defend you? 
Nick Fury: How desperate am I? You threaten my world with war. You steal a force you can't hope to control. You talk about peace and you kill 'cause it's fun. You have made me VERY desperate. You might not be glad that you did. 
Loki: Ooh. It burns you to have come so close. To have the Tesseract, to have power, unlimited power. And for what? A warm light for all mankind to share. And then to be reminded what real power is. 
Nick Fury: Well, let me know if "real power" wants a magazine or something.
Nick Fury: These were in Phil Coulson's jacket. I guess he never did get you to sign them. 
Nick Fury: We're dead in the air up here. Our communications, the location of the Cube, Banner, Thor... I got nothing for you. I lost my one good eye. Maybe I had that coming. 
Nick Fury: Yes. We were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number, though, because I was playing something even riskier. 
Nick Fury: There was an idea, Stark knows this, called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of of remarkable people to see if they could become something more. To see if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. 
Nick Fury: Phil Coulson died, still believing in that idea. In heroes. 
Nick Fury: Well, it's a good old-fashioned notion.
Ben Parker: Peter? I know things have been difficult lately and I'm sorry about that. I think I know what you're feeling. Ever since you were a little boy, you've been living with so many unresolved things. Well, take it from an old man. Those things send us down a road... they make us who we are. And if anyone's destined for greatness, it's you, son. You owe the world your gifts. You just have to figure out how to use them and know that wherever they take you, we'll always be here. So, come on home, Peter. You're my hero... and I love you!
Spider-Man: Ahem. You know, in the future, if you're going to steal cars, don't dress like a car thief, man. 
Car Thief: Who are you? Are you a cop? 
Spider-Man: Really? You seriously think I'm a cop? Cop in a skin-tight red and blue suit?
Miss Ritter: Mr. Parker! Tardy again? 
Peter Parker: Sorry Miss Ritter! It won't happen again, I promise. 
Miss Ritter: Don't make promises you can't keep. 
Peter Parker: Yeah but those are the best kind.
Spider-Man: I'm gonna throw you out the window now. 
Gwen Stacy: What?
Gwen Stacy: Did you get expelled? 
Peter Parker: No. No, I didn't get expelled, I got community service. 
Peter Parker: Um so, uh, you want to, uh... I don't know. 
Gwen Stacy: Wanna what? 
Peter Parker: I don't know. Just, uh... Um... I don't know, we could, I don't know, we could uh... Or we could do something else, or we could, with no... We, like, we could... 
Gwen Stacy: Yeah. 
Peter Parker: Yeah? 
Gwen Stacy: Yeah, either one. 
Peter Parker: Really? 
Gwen Stacy: Sure. 
Peter Parker: Okay, all right then. Sounds good. 
Gwen Stacy: Cool.
Peter Parker: This beats all of the meat loafs. 
May Parker: Something is very wrong. 
Ben Parker: Yeah. Nobody likes your meat loaf.
May Parker: Why didn't you tell me you didn't like my meat loaf? You could have said that to me 37 years ago. 
Ben Parker: Um... 
May Parker: How many meat loaves have I made for you?
Peter Parker: We all have secrets:  the ones we keep... and the ones that are kept from us.
Gwen Stacy: Hi. 
Spider-Man: Hey, where are you? 
Gwen Stacy: Peter, hi. I'm at Oscorp. 
Spider-Man: You have to get out of there right now. Ok? 
Gwen Stacy: The antidote is cooking. 
Spider-Man: No, no, no. Connors is on the way. He's coming to you right now. 
Spider-Man: He needs the dispersement device. He's gonna infect the while city! 
Gwen Stacy: There's eight minutes left. 
Spider-Man: You're gonna wait there for eight minutes after what I just told you? People are gonna die! You leave right now. That is an order, ok? 
Gwen Stacy: I'm gonna get everybody out. 
Spider-Man: Did you hear wh- 
Spider-Man: Gwen! Gwen! You Mother Hubbard. Are you serious?
Gwen Stacy: No, Dad, I do not want cocoa. Honestly, I'm 17 years old. 
George Stacy: Okay. I just thought I remembered somebody saying last week that her fantasy was to live in a chocolate house. 
Gwen Stacy: Well, that's impractical. 
Gwen Stacy: And fattening. 
Peter Parker: Chocolate house.
Gwen Stacy: Oh, I'm in trouble.
Gwen Stacy: Easy, Bug Boy. 
Peter Parker: What did you call me?
Ben Parker: You are a lot like your father. You really are, Peter, and that's a good thing. But your father, he lived by a philosophy, a principle, really. He believed that if you could do good things for other people, you had a moral obligation to do those things! That's what's at stake here. Not choice. Responsibility. 
Peter Parker: That's nice. That's great... That's all well and good. So where is he? 
Ben Parker: What? 
Peter Parker: Where is he? Where's my dad? He didn't think it was his responsibility to be here to tell me this himself? 
Ben Parker: Oh, come on, how dare you? 
Peter Parker: How dare I? How dare you?
Car Thief Cop: Freeze! You in the tights, don't move! 
Spider-Man: You serious? 
Car Thief Cop: Who are you? 
Spider-Man: No one seems to grasp the concept of the mask. 
Car Thief Cop: Freeze! 
Spider-Man: I just did 80% of your job. Huh? And that - Is that how you repay me?
Gwen Stacy: Where have you been? 
Peter Parker: Hi. 
Gwen Stacy: My father died. There was a funeral. 
Gwen Stacy: They shot off... 
Gwen Stacy: rifles and they made speeches. Two of my teacher showed up. And Fl-Flash showed up. Everyone was there but you. 
Peter Parker: I can't do this. I can't do this. 
Peter Parker: I'm sorry. I can't... 
Gwen Stacy: What are you saying? 
Peter Parker: I can't see you anymore. I can't. 
Gwen Stacy: He made you promise, didn't he? To stay away from me, so I'd be safe.
George Stacy: I was wrong about you, Peter. This city needs you. Here. You're gonna need this. 
George Stacy: You're gonna make enemies. People will get hurt. Sometimes the people closest to you. So I want you to promise me something, okay? Leave Gwen out of it. Promise me that. Huh? You promise me.
May Parker: What a pretty girl. 
Peter Parker: Yeah. That's what Uncle Ben said. 
May Parker: Did you ask her out? 
Peter Parker: May Parker: Why? 
Peter Parker: Can't. 
May Parker: Why? 
Peter Parker: I'm just no good for her. 
May Parker: Peter Parker, if there's one thing are, it's good. Anyone has a problem with that can talk to me.
Gwen Stacy: Sorry, Dad. I can't, um, have cocoa right now, because I'm work... I'm doing this, um... I have, uh... cramps. I feel kinda pukey and... just emotional. I keep crying. It's brutal. You don't want to know.
Gwen Stacy: Peter. What happened? 
Peter Parker: You should see the other guy. The other guy, in this instance, being a giant mutant lizard.
Gwen Stacy: He's one of Midtown Science's best and brightest. He's second in his class. 
Peter Parker: Second? 
Gwen Stacy: Yeah. 
Peter Parker: You sure about that? 
Gwen Stacy: I'm pretty sure.
Spider-Man: Is that a knife? Is that a real knife? 
Car Thief: Yes, it's a real knife. 
Spider-Man: My weakness. Small knives. Anything but knives!
George Stacy: You know, recently, Dr. Connors gave Gwen a glowing college recommendation. It was beautiful. I read it, I cried. But you would have me believe that he is running around dressed up like a giant dinosaur? 
Peter Parker: Not dressing up, not a dinosaur. He has transformed himself into a giant lizard. 
George Stacy: Let me ask you a question. Do I look like the mayor of Tokyo to you?
May Parker: Peter. Where do you go? Who does this to you? 
Peter Parker: Please, go to sleep, Aunt May. 
May Parker: Please tell me. 
Peter Parker: Aunt May, please, please, please, go to sleep. 
May Parker: I can't sleep!
Flash Thompson: Hey, Parker. 
Peter Parker: Not today, Flash. 
Flash Thompson: Hey, come on man, I just want to talk. 
Flash Thompson: It feels better right? Look, your uncle died. I'm sorry. I get it. I'm sorry.
Peter Parker: Watch out! 
May Parker: That's a fly, Peter.
Spider-Man: Uh-oh. Somebody's been a bad lizard.
Philip Stacy: Did you catch that spider guy yet? 
George Stacy: No, we didn't catch him yet. But we will. An amateur who's assaulting civilians in the dead of night. He's clumsy, he leaves clues, but he's still dangerous. 
Peter Parker: He's assault - He's assaulting people? I'm not sure. I mean, I saw that video with him and the car thief and I think most people would say he was providing a public service. 
George Stacy: Most people would be wrong. If I wanted the car thief off the street, he'd already be off the street. 
Peter Parker: So, why wasn't he, then?
Gwen Stacy: I thought it was great what you did out there. Stupid, but great.
Ben Parker: That's a cool shirt. 
Flash Thompson: Yeah. Dude's... dude's crazy. But chicks dig him.
May Parker: Secrets have a cost. They're not free. Not now, not ever.
Peter Parker: I got to stop him, though. I have to because I created him. 
Gwen Stacy: What do you mean? 
Peter Parker: I gave him an equation... that made all of this possible. Something my father had been working on, you know. Secretly. Now I realize why he kept it a secret. Point is, this is my responsibility. I have to fix it.
Man in the Shadows: Hello, doctor! Did you tell the boy? 
Dr. Curt Connors: Tell him what? 
Man in the Shadows: Did you tell the boy the truth about his father? 
Dr. Curt Connors: NO! 
Man in the Shadows: Well, that's very good. Cause I will let him be for now. 
Dr. Curt Connors: You should LEAVE HIM ALONE!
May Parker: Peter, listen to me. Secrets have a cost. They're not free. Not now, not ever.
Jack's Father: Who are you? 
Spider-Man: Spider-Man.
Ben Parker: He's got you on his computer. I'm his probation officer.
Store Clerk: Somebody stop that guy! Hey, kid, a little help. 
Peter Parker: Not my policy.
George Stacy: Something the police can't? What do you think we do up there? You think we're just sitting around eating doughnuts with our thumbs planted firmly up our asses? 
Philip Stacy: Up your what, Dad?
George Stacy: Oh. You saw a video on the Internet? Well, then the case is closed.
Peter Parker: Cross-species genetics. Person gets Parkinson's when the brain cells that produce dopemine start to disappear. But the zebra fish has the ability to regenerate cells on command. If you could somehow give this ability to the woman you're talking about, that's that. She's... She's curing herself.
Miss Ritter: I had a professor once who liked to tell his students that there were only 10 different plots in all of fiction. Well, I'm here to tell you he was wrong. There is only one:  "Who am I?"
Miss Ritter: Peter, don't make promises you can't keep. 
Peter Parker: But those are the best kind.
Peter Parker: I've been bitten. 
Gwen Stacy: So have I.
Peter Parker: So you really think it's possible, cross-species genetics? 
Dr. Curt Connors: Yes. Of course. But for years, your father and I were mocked for our theories. Not just in the community at large, but also at OsCorp, as well. They called us mad scientists. And then your father bred the spiders, and everything changed. The result were beyond encouraging. They were spectacular. We were going to change the lives of millions. Including my own. Then it was over. He... He was gone. Took his research with him. And I knew without him, I... I... I was angry. So I stayed from you and your family. And for that, I'm truly sorry.
Spider-Man: Don't... make me... have to... hurt you!
George Stacy: Mayor, if there was a large dinosaur running around New York, you would be the first to know.
May Parker: Ben Parker, don't you even think about leaving that filthy box in my kitchen! 
Ben Parker: These are my bowling trophies. 
May Parker: Oh, but then, by all means, please leave that filthy box in my kitchen.
Gwen Stacy: Where you headed? 
Peter Parker: Uh... Monday. B track. 
Gwen Stacy: Oh, it's Thursday.
George Stacy: So 38 of New York's finest versus one guy in a unitard. Am I correct?
Gwen Stacy: You're a wanted man, Peter Parker.
The Lizard: All these souls, lost and alone. I can save them. I can cure them. There's no reason to stop me, Peter.
Dr. Curt Connors: Did you know there's rumor of a new species in New York? Beautiful but quite large. 
Peter Parker: What do you know about it? Have you seen it? 
Dr. Curt Connors: No, it's not yet classified. But it can be aggressive... if threatened.
Peter Parker: I'm still not taking the picture.
Ben Parker: How's the other guy look? 
Ben Parker: Come on. You think I don't know a right cross when I see one? Yes or no:  do I need to call somebody's father?
Dr. Curt Connors: Welcome. My name is Dr. Curtis Connors. And yes, in case you're wondering, I'm a southpaw. I'm not a cripple, I'm a scientist, and I am the world's most foremost authority in herpetology. That's reptiles, for those of you who don't know.
Ben Parker: I think it's the condenser tray. 
Peter Parker: No, too much water for the condenser tray or the heat exchange tubing. This has got to be the fill line. 
Ben Parker: That's the only thing that makes any sense...
Peter Parker: So this is your room. 
Gwen Stacy: Yes, this is my room. 
Peter Parker: Books... Shoes...
Gwen Stacy: How did you get out there? 
Peter Parker: Uh, the fire escape. Your doorman's intimidating. 
Gwen Stacy: It's 20 stories.
Dr. Curt Connors: I spent my life as a scientist trying to create a world without weakness, without outcasts. I sought to create a stronger human being, but there's no such thing. Human beings are weak, pathetic, feeble-minded creatures. Why be a human at all when we can be so much more? Faster, stronger, smarter. This is my gift to you.
Dr. Curt Connors: I'm sure you're a very nice young man, but this is a home. Make an appointment with my office. 
Peter Parker: Dr Connors? I'm Richard Parker's son. 
Dr. Curt Connors: Peter?
Dr. Curt Connors: Extraordinary. How did you come up with this?
Gwen Stacy: Do not get me into trouble.
Dr. Curt Connors: Do you have any idea what you really are?
Ben Parker: I forgot all about that thing. It was your dad's.
Peter Parker: Put him down, Eugene!
Dr. Curt Connors: "That, changing like the snake, I might be free to cast off flesh wherein I dwell confined."
Spider-Man: You motherhubbard!
George Stacy: Which is why, this morning, I am issuing an arrest warrant for the masked vigilante known as Spider-Man.
Peter Parker: Five, four, three, two, one... Ready or not, here I come.
Car Thief: That isn't funny! 
Spider-Man: It is kinda funny. 
Car Thief: Help! 
Spider-Man: Shhh. 
Car Thief: Mmm mmph.
Dr. Curt Connors: If you want the truth, Peter, come and get it!
Dr. Curt Connors: Ready to play God?
The Lizard: Poor Peter Parker. No father. No mother. No uncle. You're all alone. 
George Stacy: He's not alone.
Agent Blake: Do you know how to make coffee? 
Claire Weiss: No.
Tony Stark: You walked right into this one:  I've dated hotter chicks than you. 
Brandt: Is that all you've got? A cheap trick and a cheesy one-liner? 
Tony Stark: Sweetheart, that could be the name of my autobiography.
Pepper Potts: I'm taking a shower. 
Tony Stark: Okay. 
Pepper Potts: And you're gonna join me. 
Tony Stark: Better.
Tony Stark: So, uhh, who's home? 
Harley Keener: Well, my mom already left for the diner, and dad went to 7-Eleven to get scratchers... I guess he won, 'cause that was six years ago. 
Tony Stark: Hmm... which happens, dads leave, no need to be a pussy about it, here's what I need... 
Tony Stark: A laptop, a digital watch, a cell phone, the pneumatic actuator from your bazooka over there, a map of town, a big spring, and a tuna fish sandwich. 
Harley Keener: What's in it for me? 
Tony Stark: Salvation. What's his name? 
Harley Keener: Who? 
Tony Stark: The kid that bullies you at school. What's his name? 
Harley Keener: How'd you know that? 
Tony Stark: I got just the thing. 
Tony Stark: This is a piñata for a cricket. I'm kidding, it's a very powerful weapon. Point it away from your face, press the button on top. It discourages bullying. Non-lethal, just to cover one's ass. Deal. Deal? What'd you say? 
Harley Keener: Deal. 
Tony Stark: What's your name? 
Harley Keener: Harley. And you're... 
Tony Stark: The mechanic. Tony. 
Tony Stark: You know what keeps going through my head? Where's my sandwich?
Tony Stark: I'm Tony Stark. I build neat stuff, got a great girl, occasionally save the world. So why can't I sleep?
Jarvis: Mark 42 inbound. 
Tony Stark: I'll be damned. The prodigal son returns. 
Tony Stark: Whatever. 
Aldrich Killian: You really didn't deserve her, Tony. It's a pity. I was so close to having her... perfect. 
Tony Stark: OK, OK, wait, wait, slow down, slow down! You're right... I don't deserve her. Here's where you're wrong:  she was already perfect. 
Tony Stark: Jarvis, do me a favor and blow Mark 42. 
Aldrich Killian: NOOO!
Reluctant AIM Guard: Honestly, I hate working here. They are so weird.
Tony Stark: My armor was never a distraction or a hobby, it was a cocoon, and now I'm a changed man. You can take away my house, all my tricks and toys, but one thing you can't take away - I am Iron Man.
Harley Keener: Admit it, you need me. We're connected. 
Tony Stark: What I need is for you to go home, be with your mom, keep your trap shut, guard the suit, and stay connected to the telephone, 'cause if I call you, you better pick up. 
Tony Stark: Can you feel that? We're done here. Move out of the way or I'm gonna run you over. Bye, kid. 
Tony Stark: I'm sorry, kid, you did good. 
Harley Keener: So you're just gonna leave me here? Like my dad? 
Tony Stark: Yeah. 
Tony Stark: Wait, you're guilt tripping me aren't you? 
Harley Keener: I'm cold. 
Tony Stark: I can tell. You know how I can tell? 
Tony Stark: Cause' we're connected! 
Harley Keener: It was worth a shot.
Pepper Potts: Don't! 
Tony Stark: It's okay... 
Pepper Potts: I'm hot, I'll hurt you! 
Tony Stark: No, you won't. See? Not hot. 
Pepper Potts: Am I going to be okay? 
Tony Stark: No. You're in a relationship with me, nothing will ever be okay. But I had this twenty years ago when I was drunk, I can sort it out. I fix stuff.
Pepper Potts: Who's the hot mess now? 
Tony Stark: That's debatable. But you look great like this, the repulsor and the sports bra... 
Pepper Potts: I think I understand why you don't want to give up the suits. What have I got to complain about now? 
Tony Stark: Well, it's me. You'll find something.
Tony Stark: Stop stopping!
Tony Stark: Please don't tell me there's a 12-year-old kid in the car that I've never met. 
Maya Hansen: He's 13. 
Maya Hansen: No! I need your help.
The Mandarin: A true story about fortune cookies. They look Chinese. They sound... Chinese. But they're actually an American invention. Which is why they're hollow, full of lies, and leave a bad taste in the mouth. 
The Mandarin: My disciples just destroyed another cheap American knockoff:  the Chinese Theatre. Mr. President, I know this must be getting frustrating, but this season of terror is drawing to a close. And don't worry. The 'Big One' is coming:  your graduation.
Pepper Potts: I got you! 
Tony Stark: I got you first!
Tony Stark: A famous man once said, 'We create our own demons.' Who said that? What does that even mean? Doesn't matter. I said it 'cause he said it. So now, he was famous and that basically getting said by two well-known guys. I don't, uh... I'm gonna start again. 
Tony Stark: Let's track this from the beginning.
Tony Stark: Honey? 
Pepper Potts: Oh my god... that was really violent...
Tony Stark: I'm gonna find a heavy-duty comm sat now, I need your login. 
Colonel James Rhodes: It's same as it's always been, "WarMachine68." 
Tony Stark: And a password, please. 
Colonel James Rhodes: Well, look, I gotta change it every time you hack in, Tony. 
Tony Stark: It's not the '80s, nobody says "hack" anymore. Give me your login. 
Colonel James Rhodes: "WAR MACHINE ROX" with an "X," all caps. 
Tony Stark: Colonel James Rhodes: Yeah, okay. 
Tony Stark: That is so much better than "Iron Patriot."
Colonel James Rhodes: Are you okay? 
Tony Stark: I broke the crayon.
Operator: Stark Secure Server:  now transferring to all known receivers. 
Tony Stark: Pepper, it's me. I've got a lot of apologies to make and not a lot of time, so... first off. I'm so sorry I put you in harm's way. That was selfish and stupid and it won't happen again. Also, it's Christmas time. The rabbit's too big. Done. Sorry. And I'm sorry in advance because... I can't come home yet. 
Tony Stark: I need to find this guy. You gotta stay safe. That's all I know. I just stole a poncho from a wooden Indian.
Tony Stark: Things are different now, I have to protect the one thing that I can't live without. That's you.
Savin: You think you're so smart? 
Tony Stark: That's the thing about smart guys:  we cover our asses!
Pepper Potts: ...and all your distractions? 
Tony Stark: Uh, I'm going to shave them down a bit... 
Tony Stark: Jarvis. Hey. 
Jarvis: All wrapped up here, sir. Will there be anything else? 
Tony Stark: You know what to do. 
Jarvis: The Clean Slate Protocol, sir? 
Tony Stark: Screw it, it's Christmas! Yes, yes! 
Tony Stark: OK so far? You like it? 
Pepper Potts: It'll do.
Colonel James Rhodes: This is how you've been managing your downtime, huh? 
Tony Stark: Everybody needs a hobby.
Tony Stark: Remember that game, Barrel of Monkeys? This is how it is:  we got to catch all the monkeys!
Tony Stark: I'm sorry, did I disturb your selective napping? 
Bruce Banner: I'm sorry, I'm not that kind of doctor. It's not my department. 
Tony Stark: Your training? 
Bruce Banner: My temperament.
The Mandarin: Some people call me a terrorist. I consider myself a teacher. America, ready for another lesson? In 1864, in Sand Creek, Colorado, the U.S. Military waited until the friendly Cheyenne Braves had all gone hunting. Waited to attack and slaughter the families left behind. And claim their land. Thirty-nine hours ago, the Ali al-Salam Air Base in Kuwait was attacked. I, I, I did that. A quaint military church, filled with wives and children, of course. The soldiers were out on maneuvers. The 'Braves' were away. President Ellis, you continue to resist my attempts to educate you, sir. And now, you've missed me again. You don't know who I am. You don't know where I am. And you'll NEVER see me coming.
Colonel James Rhodes: You look damn good, Mr. President. But I'm gonna need that suit back.
Videographer: Hey Mr. Stark. When is somebody going to kill this guy? Just sayin'. 
Tony Stark: Is that what you want? 
Tony Stark: Here's a little Holiday greeting I've been wanting to send to the Mandarin. I just didn't know how to phrase it until now. My name is Tony Stark and I'm not afraid of you. I know you're a coward, so I decided... that you just died, pal. I'm gonna come get the body. There's no politics here, it's just good old-fashioned revenge. There's no Pentagon. It's just you and me. And on the off-chance you're a man, here's my home address:  10880 Malibu Point, 90265. I'll leave the door unlocked. That's what you wanted, right? 
Tony Stark: Bill me.
Harley Keener: Freeze! 
Harley Keener: Don't... move! 
Tony Stark: You got me. 
Tony Stark: Nice potato gun. Barrel's a little long. Between that and the wide gauge, it's going to diminish your FPS... 
Tony Stark: And now you're out of ammo. 
Harley Keener: What's that thing on your chest? 
Tony Stark: It's a... electromagnet. You should know. You've got a box of them right here. 
Harley Keener: What does it power? 
Harley Keener: Oh my God! 
Harley Keener: That's... is that... Iron Man? 
Tony Stark: Technically, I am Iron Man. 
Harley Keener: Technically, you're dead. 
Tony Stark: Valid point. 
Harley Keener: What happened to him? 
Tony Stark: Life. I built him. I take care of him. I'll fix him. 
Harley Keener: Like a mechanic? 
Tony Stark: Yeah.
The Mandarin: I'm gonna offer the choice:  do you want an empty life, or a meaningful death?
Tony Stark: A bomb is not a bomb when it's a misfire.
Jarvis: I seem to do quite well for a stretch, and then at the end of the sentence I say the wrong cranberry.
Harley Keener: If I was building Iron Man and War Machine... 
Tony Stark: It's Iron Patriot now. 
Harley Keener: That's way cooler! 
Tony Stark: No it's not. 
Harley Keener: Anyways, I would have added in, um, the retro... 
Tony Stark: Retro-reflective panels? 
Harley Keener: To make him stealth mode. 
Tony Stark: You want a stealth mode. 
Harley Keener: Cool, right? 
Tony Stark: That's actually a good idea. Maybe I'll build one. 
Tony Stark: Not a good idea. 
Harley Keener: Oops. 
Tony Stark: What are you doing? You gonna break his finger? He's in pain. He's been injured. Leave him alone. 
Harley Keener: S-sorry. 
Tony Stark: Are you? 
Tony Stark: Don't worry about it. I'll fix it.
Aldrich Killian: The early bird gets the worm, but it's the second mouse that gets the cheese.
Trevor Slattery: I wouldn't go in there for 20 minutes! 
Trevor Slattery: So which one of you is Vanessa? 
Trevor Slattery: Ah, Nessie! 
Trevor Slattery: Did you know that fortune cookies aren't Chinese? They're American, based on a Japanese recipe. 
Mandarin Party Girl #1: There's some guy over here... 
Tony Stark: Freeze! 
Trevor Slattery: Bloody hell. Bloody hell.
Jarvis: Sir, I think I need to sleep now... 
Tony Stark: Jarvis! Jarvis? Don't leave me, buddy...
Tony Stark: I loved you in "A Christmas Story," by the way.
Trevor Slattery: Ah, well, I had a little problem with... substances, and I, uh, ended up doing things, no two ways about it, in the street, that a man shouldn't do... 
Tony Stark: Next? 
Trevor Slattery: Then, they approached me about the role, and they knew about the drugs... 
Tony Stark: What did they say, they'd get you off them? 
Trevor Slattery: Said they'd give me more!
Colonel James Rhodes: We couldn't save the President with the suit, how are we going to save Pepper with nothing? 
Tony Stark: Uh... say, Jarvis? Is it that time? 
Jarvis: The House Party Protocol, sir? 
Tony Stark: Correct.
Colonel James Rhodes: Give me a suit. 
Tony Stark: Sorry, they're only coded to me. Don't worry, I got you covered. 
Jarvis: Good evening, Colonel. Can I give you a lift? 
Colonel James Rhodes: Very funny.
Aldrich Killian: You have met him, I presume? 
Tony Stark: Yeah, Sir Laurence Oblivier. 
Aldrich Killian: I know he's a little over the top sometimes. It's not entirely my fault. He has a tend... he's-he's a stage actor. They say his Lear was the toast of Croydon, wherever that is. Anyway, the point is, ever since that big dude with a hammer fell out of the sky, subtlety's kinda had its day.
Pepper Potts: You think he'll help you... he won't. 
Aldrich Killian: It's more, uh, embarrassing than that. You're here as my, uh... 
Pepper Potts: Trophy. 
Aldrich Killian: Yeah.
Tony Stark: Some people say progress is a bad thing. But try having a magnet in your chest keeping you alive.
Tony Stark: See what happens when you hang out with my ex-girlfriends? 
Pepper Potts: You are such a jerk!
Tony Stark: Jarvis, target Extremis heat signatures. Disable with extreme prejudice. 
Jarvis: Yes, sir.
Tony Stark: It's Christmas. Take 'em to Church.
Tony Stark: I miss you, Happy. 
Happy Hogan: Yeah, I miss you, too. But the way it used to be. Now you're off with the super-friends. I don't know what's going on with you, anymore. The world's getting weird.
Tony Stark: Walk away from that, you son of a bitch.
Maya Hansen: Let him go! What's going to happen to your men, what's going to happen to YOU? 
Aldrich Killian: Well, the good news is, a high-level position has just been vacated.
Tony Stark: Is this the forehead of security?
Happy Hogan: You know, look... I got a real job. What do you want? I'm working. I've got something going on, here. 
Tony Stark: What, harassing interns? 
Happy Hogan: Let me tell you something. Do you know what happened when I told everyone I was Iron Man's bodyguard? They would laugh in my face. I had to leave while I still had a shred of dignity. Now I got a real job. I'm watching Pepper.
Tony Stark: You know, it's moments like these when I realize how much of a superhero I am. 
Pepper Potts: Wow!
Pepper Potts: I'm sleeping downstairs! Tinker with that!
The Mandarin: Mr. Stark, today is the first day of what's left of your life.
Colonel James Rhodes: Tony, I swear, I'm going to blow his face off.
Neptune's Net Boy: How did you get out of the wormhole?
Tony Stark: Nothing's been the same since New York. 
Pepper Potts: Oh, really? I didn't notice that at all. 
Tony Stark: You experience things and then they're over, and you still can't explain them. Gods, aliens, other dimensions. I'm just a man in a can. The only reason I haven't cracked up is probably because you moved in. Which is great. I love you. I'm lucky. But honey, I can't sleep. You go to bed, I come down here. I do what I know. I tinker. I... Threat is imminent. And I have to protect the one thing that I can't live without. That's you. And my suits, they're, uh... Machines. They're part of me.
Tony Stark: I thought things couldn't get any worse... then I turned on the TV. That's when he happened.
Ho Yinsen: Mr. Stark. Ho Yinsen. 
Tony Stark: Ah, I finally met a man called "Ho." Come here. 
Ho Yinsen: I would like to introduce you to our guest, Dr. Wu. 
Tony Stark: Oh, this guy. Hey. 
Doctor Wu: Mr. Stark. 
Tony Stark: You're a heart doctor. 
Tony Stark: She's going to need a cardiologist after I... 
Maya Hansen: Bye. 
Ho Yinsen: Perhaps another time?
Tony Stark: Think about it. Six dead. Only five shadows. 
Harley Keener: Yeah, people said these shadows are like the marks of souls going to heaven. Except the bomb guy. He went to hell, on account of he didn't get a shadow. That's why there's only five. 
Tony Stark: You buy that? 
Harley Keener: It's what everyone says.
Aldrich Killian: Close your eyes. You don't want to see this happening. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, be with you in a minute...
Aldrich Killian: It's a beautiful day, Mr. Savin.
Tony Stark: That's one!
Sweat Shop Agent: Savin? I've acquired the Patriot armor. 
Colonel James Rhodes: If you want this suit, you're going to have to pry my cold dead body out of it. 
Sweat Shop Agent: That's the plan, Colonel.
Happy Hogan: I'm coming! I got you! 
Maya Hansen: It's okay, it was the plant! It's a glitch in my work. 
Tony Stark: Please, stop riding me!
Trevor Slattery: OLE OLE OLE OLE!
Tony Stark: Your son didn't kill those people. He's not a murderer. He was used.
Bill Maher: And how is the president responding? By taking the guy they call "War Machine" and giving him a paint job.
Gary the Cameraman: I don't want to make things awkward for you, but I do have to show you... Boom! 
Tony Stark: A Hispanic Scott Baio? I'm sorry. Is that me?.
Tony Stark: Merry Christmas, buddy.
Trevor Slattery: You want something? Take it - though the guns are all fake, 'cause those wankers wouldn't trust me with the real ones. 
Tony Stark: ...What? 
Trevor Slattery: Hey, d'you fancy either of the birds?
The Mandarin: Mr. President. Only two lessons remain. And I intend to finish this before Christmas morning. Meet Thomas Richards. Good strong name, god strong job. Thomas here is an accountant for the Roxxon Oil Corporation. But I'm sure he's a really good guy. 
The Mandarin: I'm going to shoot him in the head, live on your television in 30 seconds. The number for this telephone is in your cell phone. Exciting, isn't it, imagining how it got there? America, if your President calls me in the next half-minute, Tom lives. Go! 
President Ellis: How did he hack my phone? 
Secret Service Agent: We can't allow terrorists to dictate... 
President Ellis: I have to make this call. 
Secret Service Agent: I'd strongly advise against that. 
President Ellis: This is the right thing to do. 
The Mandarin: There's just one lesson left, President Ellis. So run away, hide, kiss your children goodbye. Because nothing, not your army, not your red, white, and blue attack dog, can save you. I'll see you soon. 
President Ellis: Tell Rhodes, find this lunatic right now.
The Mandarin: My soldiers are coming. NOTHING can save you! 
Tony Stark: We'll see about that.
Aldrich Killian: But as I looked out over that city - nobody knew I was there, nobody could see me, no one was even looking - I had a thought that would guide me for years. Anonymity, Tony. Thanks to you, it's been my mantra ever since. 
Aldrich Killian: Right? You simply rule from behind the scenes. Because the second you give evil a face - a bin Laden, a Gaddafi, a Mandarin - you hand the people a target.
Maya Hansen: Is that normal? 
Tony Stark: Yes, this is normal! It's a big bunny, relax about it!
Aldrich Killian: The whole world's gonna be watching.
President Ellis: You elected me on a single platform. I will defend this country at all costs. The Mandarin must be stopped!
Tony Stark: I'm here on a mission:  fighting back.
Maya Hansen: I need Stark alive! He's the only one who can improve on the Extremis, make it into what I want, and you want!
Taggert: Savin, help me!
Trevor Slattery: My name's Trevor. Trevor Slattery. 
Tony Stark: What are you? You're a decoy, a double, right? 
Trevor Slattery: What, you mean an understudy? No, certainly not! 
Trevor Slattery: Don't hurt the face, I'm an actor! 
Tony Stark: You got a minute to live. Fill it with words. 
Trevor Slattery: It's just a role. "The Mandarin." See, it's not real.
Tony Stark: I got Pepper straightened out... but then I thought to myself, "Why stop there." Of course there are people who say progress is dangerous, but none of those idiots ever had to live with a chest full of shrapnel. But now, neither will I. Let me tell you, that was the best piece of sleep I've had in years. So if I were to wrap this up tight with a bow - whatever - I guess I'd say my armor... it was never a distraction or a hobby, but a cocoon. And now, I'm a changed man. You can take away my house, all my tricks and toys, but one thing you can't take away - I am Iron Man.
Reluctant AIM Guard: Don't shoot! Seriously, I don't even wanna work for them. They are so weird!
Gary the Cameraman: Mother I have to call you back something magical is happening! Tony Stark is in my van!
Joan Rivers: Same suit, but painted red, white, and blue. Look at that. And they also renamed him Iron Patriot. You know, just in case the paint was too subtle.
Tony Stark: I've heard enough. You're not him. 
Tony Stark: The Mandarin, the real guy. 
Tony Stark: Where? Where's the Mandarin? Where is he? 
Trevor Slattery: Whoa, whoa, whoa! He's here! He's here... but he's not here. He's here but he's not here. 
Tony Stark: What do you mean? 
Trevor Slattery: Uh, it's compli- hey, it's complicated. 
Tony Stark: It is? 
Trevor Slattery: It's complicated. 
Tony Stark: Un-complicate it. Ladies, out. Get out of the bed, get in the bathroom! 
Tony Stark: Sit! 
Mandarin Party Girl #1: Ew! 
Mandarin Party Girl #2: Oh, Jesus...
Aldrich Killian: No more false faces... You said you wanted the Mandarin? You're looking right at him! It was always me, Tony, right from the start! I AM THE MANDARIN! 
Tony Stark: I got nothing.
Colonel James Rhodes: THIS is the Mandarin? 
Tony Stark: I know, right? It's embarrassing!
Maria Hill: What does S.H.I.E.L.D. stand for, Agent Ward? 
Grant Ward: Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. 
Maria Hill: And what does that mean to you? 
Grant Ward: It means someone really wanted our initials to spell out "S.H.I.E.L.D." It means we're the line between the world and the much weirder world. We protect people from news they aren't ready to hear. And when we can't do that, we keep them safe.
Phil Coulson: It's a magical place.
Jemma Simmons: You think I'm not romantic? I'm gonna do something with you on that island that will take your breath away. 
Leo Fitz: What is... eh... are... are you... what? 
Jemma Simmons: Snorkling!
Phil Coulson: Sir? 
Nick Fury: You don't have to call me "sir", Coulson. Look at me. I'm dressed like I live under a bridge.
Skye: Sometimes the world's greatest miracles happen by accident.
Hive: The world fears our kind of power because not everyone has it. Only billionaires can build iron suits. Only the military can make super soldiers, which can only lead to a war of its own. Whereas I plan to apply a more... collectivist philosophy.
Melinda May: Wheels up in five.
Raina: You know about Skye's parents, about the darkness that lies inside her. I believe in a world where her true nature will reveal itself. And when that day comes, maybe you two could be monsters together.
Agent Flynn: You took a mission last night. 
Peggy Carter: I completed a mission last night. 
Agent Flynn: Without even attempting to report in or get the proper authorization? 
Peggy Carter: The mission was time-sensitive. 
Agent Flynn: There are protocols in place. No one is above protocol. Not even Captain America's old flame. 
Peggy Carter: How dare you. 
Agent Flynn: Please. Let's stop pretending, shall we? Everyone knows why you're here. 
Peggy Carter: Please, enlighten me. 
Agent Flynn: You were grieving, so they kept you on, so that you would feel useful. I call it "pity." 
Peggy Carter: If they wanted to make me feel useful, they wouldn't have made me work with you.
Howard Stark: It's called a bikini. 
Dum Dum Dugan: The bikini. You invent it? 
Howard Stark: No, the French. 
Dum Dum Dugan: Bikini.
Peggy Carter: Learn to count.
Loki: Mmm, brother, you look ravishing! 
Thor: It will hurt no less when I kill you in this form. 
Loki: Very well. Perhaps you prefer one of your new companions, given that you seem to like them so much. 
Loki: Oh, this is much better. Costume's a bit much... so tight. But the confidence, I can feel the righteousness surging. Hey, you wanna have a rousing discussion about truth,honor, patriotism? God bless America...
Dr. Erik Selvig: Your brother isn't coming, is he? 
Thor: Loki is dead. 
Dr. Erik Selvig: Thank God... I'm so sorry.
Loki: Look, why don't you let me take over? I'm clearly the better pilot! 
Thor: Is that right? Out of the two of us, which one can ACTUALLY fly? 
Thor: Not a word...
Loki: You know this is wonderful! This a tremendous idea! Let's steal the biggest, most obvious ship in the universe and escape in that! Flying around the city, smash it into everything in sight and everyone will see it! It's brilliant Thor! It's truly brillian... 
Fandral: I see your time in the dungeon has made you no less graceful, Loki! 
Loki: You lied to me! I'm impressed.
Volstagg: If you even THINK about betraying him... 
Loki: You'll kill me? Evidently there will be a line.
Loki: Well done, you just decapitated your grandfather!
Loki: If it were easy, everyone would do it. 
Thor: Are you mad? 
Loki: Possibly.
Odin: One son who wanted the throne too much, and other who will not take it. Is this my legacy? 
Thor: Loki died with honour. I shall try to live the same. Is that not legacy enough? 
Odin: It belongs to you, if you are worthy of it. 
Thor: I shall try to be. 
Odin: I can not give you my blessing, nor can I wish you good fortune. 
Thor: I know. 
Odin: If I were proud of the man my son has become, even that I could not say, it would speak only from my heart. Go, my son. 
Thor: Thank you, Father. 
Loki: No... thank you.
Loki: I thought you said you knew how to fly this thing. 
Thor: I said 'how hard could it be.'
Loki: I think you missed a column.
Thor: You had her tricks, but I had her trust! 
Loki: Trust? Was that her last expression, trust? While you let her die? 
Thor: What good were you in your cell? 
Loki: Who put me there? WHO PUT ME THERE? 
Thor: YOU KNOW DAMN WELL WHO! YOU KNOW DAMN WELL! 
Thor: She wouldn't want us to fight. 
Loki: Well, she wouldn't exactly be shocked. 
Thor: I wish I could trust you. 
Loki: Trust my rage.
Loki: It's not that I don't love our little talks, it's just... I don't love them.
Loki: You still don't trust me? 
Thor: Would you? 
Loki: ...No, I wouldn't!
Jane Foster: That was for New York! 
Loki: I like her.
Thor: I will tell Father you died with honour. 
Loki: I didn't do it for him.
Loki: After all this time, now you come to visit me, brother? Why? To mock? 
Thor: I need your help. And I wish I could trust you... 
Loki: If you did, you'd be the fool I always took you for.
Odin: She does not belong here in Asgard any more than a goat belongs at a banquet table! 
Jane Foster: Did he just...? 
Jane Foster: Who do you think you are? 
Odin: I am Odin. King of Asgard. Protector of the Nine Realms. 
Jane Foster: Oh. Well I'm... 
Odin: I know very well who you are, Jane Foster. 
Jane Foster: You told your dad about me?
Loki: Malekith! I am Loki of Jotunheim, and I have brought you a gift! 
Loki: I only ask for one thing in return; a good seat from which to watch Asgard burn!
Loki: You can at least furnish me with a weapon. My dagger, something! 
Loki: At last, a little common sense. 
Thor: And I thought you liked tricks.
Loki: I really don't see what all the fuss is about. 
Odin: Do you not truly feel the gravity of your crimes? Wherever you go there is war, ruin and death! 
Loki: I went down to Midgard to rule the people of Earth as a benevolent God, just like you. 
Odin: We are not gods! We're born, we live, we die, just as humans do. 
Loki: Give or take five thousand years.
Loki: Did she suffer? 
Thor: I did not come here to share our grief. Instead I offer you the chance of a far richer sacrament... 
Loki: Go on. 
Thor: I know you seek vengeance as much as I do. You help me escape Asgard, and I will grant it to you. Vengeance. And afterward, this cell. 
Loki: You must be truly desperate to come to me for help. What makes you think you can trust me? 
Thor: I don't. Mother did. You should know that when we fought each other in the past, I did so with a glimmer of hope that my brother was still in there somewhere. That hope no longer exists to protect you. You betray me, and I will kill you. 
Loki: Hm. When do we start?
Jane Foster: Darcy! 
Darcy Lewis: Jane! 
Dr. Erik Selvig: Ian! 
Ian Boothby: Selvig! 
Darcy Lewis: Mew-mew!
Loki: Say goodbye. 
Thor: Not this day! 
Loki: This day, the next, a hundred years, it's nothing! It's a heartbeat. You'll never be ready. The only woman whose love you prized will be snatched from you. 
Thor: And will that satisfy you? 
Loki: Satisfaction's not in my nature! 
Thor: Surrender's not in mine!
Sif: I've got this completely under control! 
Thor: Is that why everything's on fire?
Frigga: Please, don't make things worse... 
Loki: Define worse.
Loki: He is not my father! 
Frigga: So I am not your mother? 
Loki: You are not.
Loki: Thor! After all this time now you come to visit me! Why? Have you come to gloat? To mock? 
Thor: Loki, enough! No more illusions. 
Loki: Now you see me, brother!
Loki: This is so unlike you, brother. So... clandestine. Are you sure you wouldn't rather punch your way out? 
Thor: If you keep talking, I might.
Darcy Lewis: Why are you smiling? 
Dr. Erik Selvig: There is nothing more reassuring than realizing that the world is crazier than you are.
Odin: Despite all I have survived, my Queen still worries over me. 
Frigga: It's only because I still worry over you that you have survived,
Jane Foster: That's a quantum field generator isn't it? 
Eir: It's a soul forge. 
Jane Foster: Does a soul forge transfer molecular energy from one place to another? 
Eir: Yes. 
Jane Foster: Quantum field generator.
Jane Foster: Thor: It's not me.
Sif: All yours... 
Thor: Hello 
Thor: I accept your surrender. 
Thor: Anyone else? 
Fandral: Perhaps next time you should start with the big one!
Loki: Brother, whatever you're doing, I suggest you do it faster.
Heimdall: We need to find a way out of Asgard, to the Dark World. There are paths between the realms known only to a few... 
Thor: Known only to ONE, actually.
Loki: What I could do with the power flowing through those veins... 
Thor: It would consume you.
Thor: Return to your cells, and no harm will come to you! You have my word! 
Thor: Very well, you do not have my word.
Dr. Erik Selvig: Any questions? 
Old guy in the ward: Yeah. Can I have my shoe back?
Darcy Lewis: Look at you. Still all muscly and everything! 
Thor: ...Thank you.
Sif: Betray him and I'll kill you. 
Loki: It's good to see you too, Sif.
Thor: How is she? 
Heimdall: She's quite clever, your mortal. She doesn't know it yet, but she studies the Convergence as well. Even... 
Thor: What? 
Heimdall: I can't see her
Odin: All this because Loki desires a throne. 
Loki: It is my birthright! 
Odin: Your birthright was to die as a child! Cast out on a frozen rock. If I had not taken you in, you would not be here now to hate me. 
Loki: If I am for the axe, then, for mercy's sake, just... swing it!
Einherjar Lieutenant: There's no sign of Thor or the Aether. However, we found a body... 
Odin: Loki...
Loki: Born to be a king, I ask one thing in return:  a front seat to watch Earth burn.
Jane Foster: We have to do that again!
Loki: And what of Thor? You'll make that witless oaf king while I rot in chains? 
Odin: Thor has to strive to undo the damage you have done. He will bring order to the Nine Realms and then, yes... he will be king.
Jane Foster: I'm not hungry. 
Sif: Good! Come with me!
Loki: You might want to take the stairs to the left.
Loki: I am a fool... 
Thor: Stay with me. Stay with me!
Carina: I present to you, Taneleer Tivan, the Collector. 
The Collector: Asgardians, it's an honor... 
Sif: You know why we're here. 
The Collector: Of course. But if I may ask, why not keep it secure, in your own vault? 
Volstagg: The Tesseract is already on Asgard. It is not wise to keep two Infinity Stones so close together. 
The Collector: That's very wise. I can assure you, it will be absolutely safe here in my collection. 
Sif: See that it is. 
The Collector: One down, five to go...
Jane Foster: I saw you with the Avengers in New York! 
Thor: I was defending the Earth! 
Jane Foster: Is that your excuse? 
Thor: Yes! 
Jane Foster: It's not terrible...
Odin: Long before the birth of light, there was darkness... and from that darkness came the Dark Elves. Millennia ago, the most ruthless of their kind, Malekith, sought to transform our universe back into one of eternal night. Such evil was possible through the power of the Aether, an ancient force of infinite destruction. The noble armies of Asgard, led by my father King Bor, waged a mighty war against these creatures. As the Nine Worlds converged above him, Malekith could at last unleash the Aether... but Asgard ripped the weapon from his grasp; without it, the Dark Elves fell. With the battle all but lost, Malekith sacrificed his own people in a desperate attempt to lay waste to Asgard's army. Malekith was vanquished and the Aether was no more. Or so we were led to believe.
Loki: See you in Hel, monster!
Darcy Lewis: I am not getting stabbed in the name of science. 
Darcy Lewis: It's OK we're Americans!... 
Jane Foster: Is that supposed to make them like us?
Loki: Is that how I am to while away eternity... Reading?
Malekith: You have taken something, child. 
Malekith: WITCH! Where is the Aether? 
Frigga: I will never tell you. 
Malekith: I believe you.
Thor: Let me take Jane away from here. Malekith is sure to follow, capture her and draw out the Aether from her. But in doing so, he will be vulnerable, and then I can defeat him! 
Odin: Malekith is sure to return, we have what we wants. And when he does, we will defeat him. 
Thor: We can not fight an enemy we can not locate! Malekith could be right over us now, and we'd never know! How many Asgardian lives must we sacrifice? 
Odin: AS MANY AS IS NEEDED! Till the last Asgardian falls, till the last drop of blood is shed! 
Thor: What makes you so different from Malekith, then? 
Odin: The difference, my son, is that I will WIN.
Thor: Who's Richard? 
Jane Foster: ...Really?
Loki: Odin continues to bring me new friends. How thoughtful!
Dr. Erik Selvig: This has happened before, thousands of years ago, and the Ancients were there to see it. All the great constructions, the Mayans, the Chinese, the Egyptians. They made use of the gravitational effects of the Convergence. And they left us a map. 
Dr. Erik Selvig: Stonehenge, Snowdon, the Great Orme. These are all coordinates taking us... here. 
Ian Boothby: Greenwich? 
Jane Foster: The walls between worlds will be almost non-existent. Physics is gonna go ballistic. Increases and decreases in gravity, spatial extrusions. The very fabric of reality is gonna be torn apart. 
Dr. Erik Selvig: I better get my pants.
Malekith: You think you can stop this? The Aether can not be destroyed! 
Thor: But YOU can!
Jane Foster: It's all my fault. If I hadn't found the Aether, your mother and brother would still be alive... 
Thor: But if you hadn't come across it, Malekith would have found it quicker.
Volstagg: Another!
Thor: I gave you my word, that I would return.
Jane Foster: It's a different world. Maybe they were different for a reason...
Hogun: Where do we go next? 
Thor: Hogan, the peace is nearly won across the Nine Realms. You should stay here. Be with your people, where your heart is. Asgard can wait. 
Hogun: You have my thanks. 
Thor: As you have mine.
Jane Foster: Malekith is going to use the Aether to end the universe... but to do so he has to be on Earth to manipulate the Aether! We just have to distract him for enough time till the Convergence has passed!
Odin: Her world has its healers. They are called doctors, let them deal with it!
Heimdall: The universe hasn't seen this marvel since before my watch began. Few can sense it, even fewer can see it. But while its effects can be dangerous, it is truly beautiful. 
Thor: I see nothing. 
Heimdall: Or, perhaps that is not the beauty you seek.
Thor: Every 5000 years the worlds align, allowing an ancient darkness to strike...
Heimdall: What use is a guard who cannot spot the enemy?
Malekith: The Aether awakens us. The convergence returns.
Darcy Lewis: Focus! This is important. We have to hammer them in all around the site, and then Jane and Erik will activate them from the tower. 
Ian Boothby: They're taped together! 
Darcy Lewis: Do you even know what these things do? 
Ian Boothby: No. 
Darcy Lewis: Neither do I.
Malekith: Thor, your bravery will not ease your pain. Your family, your world will be extinguished!
Dr. Erik Selvig: We can't get close to Malekith! 
Thor: I can!
Einherjar: Shall we destroy the Aether, sire? 
Bor: If only we could, but its power is too great. Seal it away, so that no one can ever find it.
Volstagg: Escorting these scoundrels is beneath us. 
Fandral: Nonsense, my rotund friend. If they were beneath you, they would all be dead!
Thor: I will find a way to save us all...
Malekith: Look upon my legacy, Algrim. I can barely remember a time before the light. 
Algrim: Our survival will be your legacy. 
Malekith: The Asgardians will suffer as we have suffered. I will reclaim the Aether. I will restore our world. And I will put an end to this poisoned universe.
Darcy Lewis: You were gone for five hours!
Thor: If we do nothing, they will destroy us!
Malekith: Ask yourself:  what would you sacrifice, for what you believe?
Dr. Erik Selvig: We're running out of time!
Thor: Jane, I don't know where you were or what happend but I do know this. 
Jane Foster: What? 
Thor: I know... 
Jane Foster: You do? 
Thor: Do what? 
Jane Foster: What?
Frigga: Loki! 
Loki: Hello Mother. Have I made you proud? 
Frigga: Please. Don't make this worse. 
Loki: Define worse.
Darcy Lewis: So, I show up to work at the lab slash your mom's house, fully expecting you to be moping around in your pajamas, eating ice cream and obsessing about you know who. But you're not! You're wearing lady clothes; you even showered didn't you? You smell good.
Dr. Erik Selvig: There's nothing more reassuring than that, the world is crazier than you are.
Loki as Captain America: Hey, do you want to have a rousing discussion about truth? Honor? Patriotism?
The Collector: One down. Five to go.
Jackson Norris: I'm not the one that's going to kill you, Mr. Slattery. I'm here to break you out. 
Trevor Slattery: That's... nice? 
Jackson Norris: Not really. You see, there's somebody who wants to meet you. 
Trevor Slattery: Do I know him? 
Jackson Norris: No. But you took his name... and now he wants it back.
Justin Hammer: Look at this guy. What is so special about him? I mean, I had an army of robots. What's he got? He's got some dumb accent. His name's Trevor. What is that? It's like if bin Laden and Benny Hill had a baby.
Jackson Norris: You aren't capable of pulling that trigger, Trevor. 
Trevor Slattery: I'm a washed-up actor, mate. You don't know what I'm capable of.
Jackson Norris: My name is Jackson Norris. Today will be the most important of my career:  my final interview with the most infamous man in America. A man that the world thought was a terrorist called the Mandarin, but is now alleged to be nothing but an actor. Thus far, the subject has been evasive and apparently oblivious to the point of my work. In fact, he seems oblivious to pretty much everything, except his own growing celebrity status, because now the whole world knows his name... 
Jackson Norris: This is my last chance to get beyond his lies and excuses, to confront the subject with elements of his own past, in order to unlock the truth. Because we need to know, once and for all:  who is Trevor Slattery?
Jackson Norris: So, you mean to tell me that you don't know the history of the Mandarin himself. He was a warrior-king. Inspired generations of men through the Middle Ages, perhaps even further back in time. 
Trevor Slattery: Blah, blah, blah. Who bloody cares, mate? It's a show people want and I gave them a good one. It's not the Mandarin they'll remember. It's the name "Trevor Slattery". It's the brand. "Trev". 
Jackson Norris: You're right. And for that sin you will soon suffer horribly with a hole in your body for every ring of our faith. 
Trevor Slattery: So... Sorry. What? 
Jackson Norris: You heard me.
Trevor Slattery: Bloody hell... it's not exactly the Ritz, is it?
Jackson Norris: Trevor, you told me that when you got this role that you'd researched it thoroughly. 
Trevor Slattery: Yeah, but when an actor tells you he's "done the research" it means he's switched on his computer, googled his own name and had a quick wank.
Trevor Slattery: Handsome lad! Handsome lad!
Nick Fury: Get me Agent Hill. 
Fury Car: Communications array damaged. 
Nick Fury: What's not damaged? 
Fury Car: Air conditioning is fully operational.
Steve Rogers: Before we get started, does anyone want to get out?
Natasha Romanoff: Kiss me. 
Steve Rogers: What? 
Natasha Romanoff: Public displays of affection make people very uncomfortable. 
Steve Rogers: Yes, they do. 
Natasha Romanoff: You still uncomfortable? 
Steve Rogers: That's not exactly the word I would use.
Sam Wilson: 41st floor! 41st! 
Nick Fury: It's not like they put the floor numbers on the outside of the building.
Steve Rogers: On your left.
Smithsonian Guard: Oh, man. I am so fired.
Steve Rogers: Attention all S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, this is Steve Rogers. You've heard a lot about me over the last few days. Some of you were even ordered to hunt me down. But I think it's time to tell the truth. S.H.I.E.L.D. is not what we thought it was. It's been taken over by HYDRA. Alexander Pierce is their leader. The S.T.R.I.K.E. and Insight crew are HYDRA as well. I don't know how many more, but I know they're in the building. They could be standing right next to you. They almost have what they want. Absolute control. They shot Nick Fury. And it won't end there. If you launch those helicarriers today, HYDRA will be able to kill anyone that stands in their way. Unless we stop them. I know I'm asking a lot. But the price of freedom is high. It always has been. And it's a price I'm willing to pay. And if I'm the only one, then so be it. But I'm willing to bet I'm not. 
Sam Wilson: Did you write that down first, or was it off the top of your head?
Steve Rogers: You know me. 
The Winter Soldier: No, I don't! 
Steve Rogers: Bucky. you've known me your entire life. Your name is James Buchanan Barnes... 
The Winter Soldier: SHUT UP! 
Steve Rogers: I'm not gonna fight you. You're my friend. 
The Winter Soldier: You're my mission! YOU ARE MY MISSION! 
Steve Rogers: Then finish it. 'Cause I'm with you 'til the end of the line.
Peggy Carter: Steve. You're alive. You came back. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, Peggy. 
Peggy Carter: It's been so long. So long. 
Steve Rogers: Well, I couldn't leave my best girl. Not when she owes me a dance.
Natasha Romanoff: Hey, fellas. Either one of you know where the Smithsonian is? I'm here to pick up a fossil. 
Steve Rogers: That's hilarious.
Natasha Romanoff: Did you do anything fun Saturday night? 
Steve Rogers: Well, all the guys from my barbershop quartet are dead, so no, not really. 
Natasha Romanoff: You know, if you ask Kristen out, from Statistics, she'd probably say yes. 
Steve Rogers: That's why I don't ask. 
Natasha Romanoff: Too shy, or too scared? 
Steve Rogers: Too busy! 
Strike Agent: Was he wearing a parachute? 
Brock Rumlow: No. No, he wasn't.
Natasha Romanoff: Alright, I have a question for you, which you do not have to answer. I feel like if you don't answer it, though, you're kind of answering it, you know? 
Steve Rogers: What? 
Natasha Romanoff: Was that your first kiss since 1945? 
Steve Rogers: That bad, huh? 
Natasha Romanoff: I didn't say that. 
Steve Rogers: Well, it kind of sounds like that's what you're saying. 
Natasha Romanoff: No, I didn't. I just wondered how much practice you had. 
Steve Rogers: I don't need practice. 
Natasha Romanoff: Everybody needs practice. 
Steve Rogers: It was not my first kiss since 1945. I'm 95; I'm not dead.
Sam Wilson: You're a lot heavier than you look. 
Steve Rogers: I had a big breakfast.
Nick Fury: Why make me head of SHIELD? 
Alexander Pierce: Because you're the best. And the most ruthless person I ever met. 
Nick Fury: I did what I did to protect people. 
Alexander Pierce: Our enemies are your enemies, Nick. Disorder, war. It's just a matter of time before a dirty bomb goes off in Moscow, or an EMP fries Chicago. Diplomacy? Holding action, a band-aid. And you know where I learned that; Bogota. You didn't ask, you just did what had to be done. I can bring order to the lives of seven billion people by sacrificing twenty million. It's the next step, Nick, if you have the courage to take it. 
Nick Fury: No, I have the courage not to. 
Alexander Pierce: You don't you think we wiped your clearance from the system? 
Nick Fury: I know you erased my password. Probably deleted my retinal scan. But if you want to stay ahead of me, Mr. Secretary... 
Nick Fury: ... you need to keep both eyes open.
Jasper Sitwell: There's nowhere you can run, Rogers! 
Jasper Sitwell: Are you kidding me?
Nick Fury: We have to assume everyone aboard those carriers is HYDRA. We have to get past them, insert these server blades. And maybe, just maybe, we can salvage what's left... 
Steve Rogers: We're not salvaging anything. We're not just taking down the carriers, Nick. We're taking down S.H.I.E.L.D. 
Nick Fury: S.H.I.E.L.D. had nothing to do with this. 
Steve Rogers: You gave me this mission. This is how it ends. S.H.I.E.L.D.'s been compromised. You said so yourself. HYDRA grew right under your nose and nobody noticed. 
Nick Fury: Why do you think we're meeting in this cave? I noticed. 
Steve Rogers: How many paid the price before you did? 
Nick Fury: Look, I didn't know about Barnes. 
Steve Rogers: Even if you had, would you have told me? Or would you have compartmentalized that, too? S.H.I.E.L.D., HYDRA, it all goes. 
Maria Hill: He's right. 
Sam Wilson: Don't look at me. I do what he does, just slower. 
Nick Fury: Well... It looks like you're giving the orders now, Captain.
The Winter Soldier: There was a man... I knew him...
Natasha Romanoff: I'm sorry... 
Natasha Romanoff: ...did I step on your moment?
Steve Rogers: Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky.
Steve Rogers: Bucky? 
The Winter Soldier: Who the hell is Bucky?
Sam Wilson: Hey, Cap, how do we know the good guys from the bad guys? 
Steve Rogers: If they're shooting at you, they're bad.
Steve Rogers: You just can't stop yourself from lying, can you? 
Nick Fury: I didn't lie. Agent Romanoff had a different mission than yours. 
Steve Rogers: Which you didn't feel obliged to share. 
Nick Fury: I'm not obliged to do anything. 
Steve Rogers: Those hostages could have died, Nick. 
Nick Fury: I sent the greatest soldier in history to make sure that didn't happen. 
Steve Rogers: Soldiers trust each other. That's what makes it an army. Not a bunch of guys running around shooting guns. 
Nick Fury: Last time I trusted someone, I lost an eye. Look, I didn't want you doing anything you weren't comfortable with. Agent Romanoff is comfortable with everything. 
Steve Rogers: I can't lead a mission when the people I'm leading have missions of their own. 
Nick Fury: It's called compartmentalization. Nobody spills the secrets, because nobody knows them all. 
Steve Rogers: Except you. 
Nick Fury: You're wrong about me. I do share. I'm nice like that.
Natasha Romanoff: Where did Captain America learn to steal a car? 
Steve Rogers: Nazi Germany. And we're borrowing. Get your feet off the dash.
Steve Rogers: We have nowhere else to go. 
Natasha Romanoff: Everyone we know is trying to kill us. 
Sam Wilson: Not everyone...
Natasha Romanoff: I know who killed Fury. Most of the intelligence community doesn't believe he exists. The ones that do call him the Winter Soldier. He's credited for over two dozen assassinations in the last 50 years. 
Steve Rogers: So he's a ghost story. 
Natasha Romanoff: Five years ago I was escorting a nuclear engineer out of Iran, somebody shot at my tires near Odessa. We lost control, went straight over a cliff, I pulled us out, but the Winter Soldier was there. I was covering my engineer, so he shot him straight *through* me. 
Natasha Romanoff: A Soviet slug, no rifling. Bye-bye bikinis. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I bet you look terrible in them now. 
Natasha Romanoff: Going after him is a dead end. I know, I've tried. Like you said, he's a ghost story. 
Steve Rogers: Well, let's find out what the ghost wants.
Sam Wilson: You're going after him. 
Steve Rogers: You don't have to come... 
Sam Wilson: I know. When do we start?
Nick Fury: These new long range precision guns can eliminate a thousand hostiles a minute. The satellites can read a terrorist's DNA before he steps outside his spider hole. We're gonna neutralize a lot of threats before they even happen. 
Steve Rogers: I thought the punishment usually came *after* the crime. 
Nick Fury: We can't afford to wait that long. 
Steve Rogers: Who's "we"? 
Nick Fury: After New York, I convinced the World Security Council we needed a quantum surge in threat analysis. For once we're way ahead of the curve. 
Steve Rogers: By holding a gun at everyone on Earth and calling it protection. 
Nick Fury: You know, I read those SSR files. Greatest generation? You guys did some nasty stuff. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, we compromised. Sometimes in ways that made us not sleep so well. But we did it so the people could be free. This isn't freedom, this is fear. 
Nick Fury: S.H.I.E.L.D. takes the world as it is, not as we'd like it to be. And it's getting damn near past time for you to get with that program, Cap. 
Steve Rogers: Don't hold your breath.
Alexander Pierce: See, I took a seat on the Council not because I wanted to, but because Nick asked me to, because we were both realists. We knew, that despite all diplomacy and the handshaking and the rhetoric, to build a better world sometimes means having to tear the old one down. And that makes enemies.
Nick Fury: This man declined the Nobel Peace Prize. He said that peace is not an achievement but a responsibility. It's stuff like this that gives me trust issues.
Natasha Romanoff: That's Stark's father. Who's the girl?
Steve Rogers: Where is it? 
Natasha Romanoff: Safe. 
Steve Rogers: Do better! 
Natasha Romanoff: Where did you get it? 
Steve Rogers: Why would I tell you? 
Natasha Romanoff: Fury gave it to you. Why? 
Steve Rogers: What's on it? 
Natasha Romanoff: I don't know. 
Steve Rogers: Stop lying! 
Natasha Romanoff: I only act like I know everything, Rogers.
Jasper Sitwell: Is this little display meant to insinuate that you're gonna throw me off the roof? Because it's really not your style, Rogers. 
Steve Rogers: You're right. It's not. It's hers. 
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, wait. What about that girl from accounting, Laura, Lisa...? 
Steve Rogers: Lillian. Lip piercing, right? 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah, she's cute. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I'm not ready for that.
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: HYDRA, S.H.I.E.L.D., two sides of a coin that's no longer currency.
Steve Rogers: People are gonna die, Buck. I can't let that happen.
Dr. Arnim Zola: HYDRA was founded on the belief that humanity could not be trusted with its own freedom. What we did not realize was that if you tried to take that freedom, they resist. The war taught us much. Humanity needed to surrender its freedom willingly. After the war, S.H.I.E.L.D. was founded, and I was recruited. The new HYDRA grew, a beautiful parasite inside S.H.I.E.L.D. For 70 years, HYDRA has been secretly feeding crises, reaping war. And when history did not cooperate, history was changed. 
Natasha Romanoff: That's impossible. S.H.I.E.L.D. would've stopped you. 
Dr. Arnim Zola: Accidents will happen. HYDRA created a world so chaotic that humanity is finally ready to sacrifice its freedom to gain its security. Once the purification process is complete, HYDRA's New World Order will arise. We won, Captain. Your death amounts to the same as your life, a zero sum!
Brock Rumlow: This is going to hurt. There are no prisoners with HYDRA. Just order. And order only comes with pain. You ready for yours? 
Sam Wilson: Man, shut the hell up!
Brock Rumlow: Whoa, big guy. I just want you to know, Cap, this isn't personal! 
Steve Rogers: It kind of feels personal.
Steve Rogers: This is it? 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, the file came from these coordinates. 
Steve Rogers: So did I.
Natasha Romanoff: First rule of going on the run is:  "Don't run. Walk." 
Steve Rogers: If I run in these shoes they're going to fall off.
Natasha Romanoff: Tell me about the shooter. 
Steve Rogers: He's fast. Strong. Had a metal arm.
Natasha Romanoff: The truth is a matter of circumstances; it's not all things to all people all the time. And neither am I. 
Steve Rogers: That's a tough way to live. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's a good way not to die, though. 
Steve Rogers: You know, it's kind of hard to trust someone when you don't know who that someone really is. 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah. Who do you want me to be? 
Steve Rogers: How about a friend? 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, there's a chance you might be in the wrong business, Rogers.
Brock Rumlow: The target is a mobile satellite launch platform:  The Lemurian Star. It was sending up their last payload when pirates took them, ninety-three minutes ago. 
Steve Rogers: Any demands? 
Brock Rumlow: A billion and a half. 
Steve Rogers: Why so steep? 
Brock Rumlow: Because it's S.H.I.E.L.D.'s. 
Steve Rogers: So it's not off course; it's trespassing. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm sure they have a good reason. 
Steve Rogers: You know, I'm getting a little tired of being Fury's janitor.
Natasha Romanoff: What about the nurse that lives across the hall from you? She seems kind of nice. 
Steve Rogers: Secure the engine room, then find me a date. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm multitasking.
Steve Rogers: You should be proud of yourself, Peggy. 
Peggy Carter: Mm. I have lived a life. My only regret is that you didn't get to live yours. 
Peggy Carter: What is it? 
Steve Rogers: For as long as I can remember I just wanted to do what was right. I guess I'm not quite sure what that is anymore. And I thought I could throw myself back in and follow orders, serve. It's just not the same. 
Peggy Carter: You're always so dramatic. Look, you saved the world. We rather... mucked it up. 
Steve Rogers: You didn't. Knowing that you helped found S.H.I.E.L.D. is half the reason I stay. 
Peggy Carter: The world has changed, and none of us can go back. All we can do is our best, and sometimes the best that we can do is to start over.
Steve Rogers: Arnim Zola was a German scientist who worked with the Red Skull. He's been dead for years. 
Dr. Arnim Zola: First correction, I am Swiss. Second, look around you, I have never been more alive! In 1972, I received a terminal diagnosis. Science could not save my body. My mind, however, that was worth saving... on two hundred thousand feet of data banks! You are standing in my brain!
Nick Fury: If anyone asks for me, tell them I'm right here...
Maria Hill: That thing was squeezing my brain. 
Maria Hill: Who's this guy?
Natasha Romanoff: Shall we play a game? 
Natasha Romanoff: It's from a movie that... 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I saw it.
Nick Fury: Wanna see my lease?
Alexander Pierce: Are you ready for the world to see you as you really are? Look out the window, you know how the game works:  disorder, war, all it takes is one step. 
Steve Rogers: I thought the punishment usually came AFTER the crime.
Georges Batroc: I thought you were more than a shield. 
Steve Rogers: We'll see.
Nick Fury: Tetradoxine B. Reduces the pulse to one heartbeat a minute. Banner made it for his stress-related issues. It didn't go well for him, but we found uses for it.
Alexander Pierce: Want some milk?
Jasper Sitwell: Zola'a algorithm is a program for choosing Insight's targets. 
Steve Rogers: What targets? 
Jasper Sitwell: You! A TV anchor in Cairo, the Under Secretary of Defense, a high school valedictorian in Iowa City, Bruce Banner, Stephen Strange, anyone who's a threat to HYDRA. Now, or in the future. 
Steve Rogers: In the future? How could it know? 
Jasper Sitwell: How could it not? The 21st century is a digital book. Zola told HYDRA how to read it. Your bank records, medical histories, voting patterns, emails, phone calls, your damn SAT scores! Zola's algorithm evaluates people's past to predict their future. 
Steve Rogers: And what then? 
Jasper Sitwell: Oh, my God. Pierce is gonna kill me. 
Steve Rogers: What then? 
Jasper Sitwell: Then the Insight helicarriers scratch people off the list. A few million at a time.
Sam Wilson: Look, whoever he used to be and the guy he is now, I don't think he's the kind you save. He's the kind you stop. 
Steve Rogers: I don't know if I can do that. 
Sam Wilson: Well, he might not give you a choice. He doesn't know you. 
Steve Rogers: He will. Gear up. It's time. 
Sam Wilson: You gonna wear that? 
Steve Rogers: No. If you're gonna fight a war, you got to wear a uniform.
Alexander Pierce: Let me ask you a question. What if Pakistan marched into Mumbai tomorrow, and you knew they were going to drag your daughter into a soccer stadium for execution, and you could stop it with a flick of a switch... wouldn't you? 
Councilman Singh: Not if it's your switch.
Dr. Arnim Zola: As I was saying...
Sam Wilson: Well, if it isn't the Running Man. 
Steve Rogers: I saw the last few minutes; it was intense. 
Sam Wilson: Yeah, brother, we all got the same problems. Guilt, regret... 
Steve Rogers: You lose someone? 
Sam Wilson: My wingman, Riley. Fly in the night mission. A standard PJ rescue op, nothing we hadn't done a thousand times before, till an RPG knocks Riley's dumb ass out of the sky. Nothing I could do. It's like I was up there just to watch. 
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry. 
Sam Wilson: After that, I had a really hard time finding a reason for being over there, you know? 
Steve Rogers: But you're happy now, back in the world? 
Sam Wilson: Hey, the number of people giving me orders is down to about zero. So, hell, yeah. You thinking about getting out? 
Steve Rogers: No. I don't know. To be honest, I don't know what I would do with myself if I did. 
Sam Wilson: Ultimate fighting? 
Sam Wilson: It's just a great idea off the top of my head. But seriously, you could do whatever you want to do. What makes you happy? 
Steve Rogers: I don't know.
Sam Wilson: You must miss the good old days, huh? 
Steve Rogers: Well, things aren't so bad. Food's a lot better; we used to boil everything. No polio is good. Internet, so helpful. I've been reading that a lot trying to catch up.
Senator Stern: Hail HYDRA.
Nick Fury: Yeah, I know. They're a little bit bigger than a .22.
Kate: Captain. 
Steve Rogers: Neighbor.
Steve Rogers: You know, they used to play music. 
Nick Fury: Yeah. My grandfather operated one of these things for forty years. My granddad - worked in a nice building; he got good tips. He'd walk home every night, roll of ones stuffed in his lunch bag. He'd say "hi", people would say hi back. Time went on, neighborhood got rougher. He'd say "Hi", they'd say, "Keep on steppin'." Granddad got to grippin' that lunch bag a little tighter. 
Steve Rogers: Did he ever get mugged? 
Nick Fury: Every week some punk would say, "What's in the bag?" 
Steve Rogers: Well, what did he do? 
Nick Fury: He'd show 'em. A bunch of crumpled ones... and a loaded 0.22 Magnum. Granddad loved people. But he didn't trust them very much.
Alexander Pierce: Your work has been a gift to mankind. You shaped the century. And I need you to do it one more time...
Dr. Arnim Zola: Cut off one head two more shall take its place.
Natasha Romanoff: When I first joined S.H.I.E.L.D., I thought it was going straight. But I guess I just traded in the KGB for HYDRA. I thought I knew whose lies I was telling, but... I guess I can't tell the difference anymore. 
Steve Rogers: There's a chance you might be in the wrong business. 
Natasha Romanoff: I owe you. 
Steve Rogers: It's okay. 
Natasha Romanoff: If it was the other way around, and it was down to me to save your life, now, you be honest with me, would you trust me to do it? 
Steve Rogers: I would now. And I'm always honest. 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, you seem pretty chipper for someone who just found out they died for nothing. 
Steve Rogers: Well, I guess I just like to know who I'm fighting.
Nick Fury: Project Insight has to be delayed. 
Alexander Pierce: Nick, that's not a favor, that's a sub-committee hearing. A long one. 
Nick Fury: It could be nothing. It probably is nothing. I just need time to make sure it's nothing. 
Alexander Pierce: But if it's something? 
Nick Fury: Then we'll both be damn glad those helicarriers aren't in the air. 
Alexander Pierce: Fine. But you got to get Iron Man to stop by my niece's birthday party. 
Nick Fury: Thank you, sir. 
Alexander Pierce: And not just a flyby. He's got to mingle.
Steve Rogers: I don't remember giving you a key. 
Nick Fury: You really think I'd need one? My wife kicked me out. 
Steve Rogers: Didn't know you were married. 
Nick Fury: There are a lot of things you don't know about me. 
Steve Rogers: I know, Nick. That's the problem. 
Nick Fury: I'm sorry to have do this, but I had no place else to crash. 
Steve Rogers: Who else knows about your wife? 
Nick Fury: Just... my friends. 
Steve Rogers: Is that what we are? 
Nick Fury: That's up to you.
Alexander Pierce: Did you get my flowers?
Natasha Romanoff: After WWII, S.H.I.E.L.D. recruited German scientists with strategic value. 
Dr. Arnim Zola: So I could help their cause. I also helped my own. 
Steve Rogers: HYDRA died with the Red Skull. 
Dr. Arnim Zola: Cut off one head, two more shall take its place.
Steve Rogers: Can't run everywhere. 
Sam Wilson: No, you can't.
Kate: Stand down! Captain's orders!
Brock Rumlow: You're on the wrong side! 
Kate: That depends on where you're standing.
Dr. List: It's over. Fury has released everything to the public. 
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: Everything he knows about. 
Dr. List: Herr Strucker, if they get word of our work here, if they find out we serve HYDRA... 
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: HYDRA. S.H.I.E.L.D. Two sides of a coin that's no longer currency. 
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: What we have... is worth more than any of them ever knew. We've only scratched the surface and already... 
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: There are other facilities doing HYDRA's good work around the world. We'll feed them to Captain America and his colorful friends, keep them off our scent. 
Dr. List: What about the volunteers? 
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: The dead will be buried so deep, their own ghosts won't be able to find them. 
Dr. List: And the survivors? 
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: The twins. 
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: Sooner or later, they will meet the twins. It's not a world of spies anymore. Not even a world of heroes. This is the age of miracles, doctor. There is nothing more horrifying... than a miracle.
Jasper Sitwell: What do you want? 
Sam Wilson: You're gonna go around the corner to your right. There's a gray car two spaces down. You and I are gonna take a ride. 
Jasper Sitwell: And why would I do that? 
Sam Wilson: Because that tie looks really expensive, and I'd hate to mess it up.
Councilman Rockwell: What are you doing? 
Alexander Pierce: She's disabling security protocols and dumping all the secrets onto the Internet. 
Natasha Romanoff: Including HYDRA's. 
Alexander Pierce: And S.H.I.E.L.D.'s. If you do this, none of your past is gonna remain hidden. Are you sure you're ready for the world to see you as you really are? 
Natasha Romanoff: Are you?
Sam Wilson: Don't say it! Don't you say it! 
Steve Rogers: On your left. 
Sam Wilson: Come on man!
Dr. Arnim Zola: We are both men out of time.
Alexander Pierce: I work forty floors away and it takes a hijacking for you to visit? 
Nick Fury: Well, a nuclear war would do it too.
Steve Rogers: What were you doing on the Lemurian Star? 
Jasper Sitwell: Throwing up. I get seasick.
Baron Wolfgang von Strucker: There are other facilities doing HYDRA's good work around the world. We'll feed them to Captain America and his colorful friends. Keep them off our scent.
Brock Rumlow: You're out of your depth, kid.
Natasha Romanoff: You're not gonna put me in a prison. You're not gonna put any of us in a prison. You know why? 
Committee General: Do enlighten us 
Natasha Romanoff: Because you need us. Yes, the world is a vulnerable place, and yes, we helped make it that way. But we're also the ones best qualified to defend it. So if you want to arrest me, arrest me. You'll know where to find me.
Nick Fury: About damn time.
Sam Wilson: I made breakfast. If you guys... eat that sort of thing.
Alexander Pierce: Hail HYDRA.
Aunt May: What happened to your face? It's filthy. 
Peter Parker: It is? 
Aunt May: Yes! 
Peter Parker: Oh, yeah, yeah, I was cleaning the chimney. 
Aunt May: We have no chimney. 
Peter Parker: Whaaat?
Harry Osborn: It's been 10 years. What have you been up to? 
Peter Parker: I do some web designs.
Gwen Stacy: It's easy to feel hopeful on a beautiful day like today, but there will be dark days ahead of us too. There will be days where you feel all alone, and that's when hope is needed most. No matter how buried it gets, or how lost you feel, you must promise me that you will hold on to hope. Keep it alive. We have to be greater than what we suffer. My wish for you is to become hope; people need that. And even if we fail, what better way is there to live? As we look around here today, at all of the people who helped make us who we are, I know it feels like we're saying goodbye, but we will carry a piece of each other into everything that we do next, to remind us of who we are, and of who we're meant to be.
Gwen Stacy: I'm coming with you. 
Spider-Man: Gwen, you're not coming with me. 
Gwen Stacy: Yes, I am. 
Spider-Man: Gwen, it's too dangerous. 
Gwen Stacy: I'm coming with you. I've seen the grid specs and I know how to reset the entire system. 
Spider-Man: Gwen. 
Gwen Stacy: I'm coming with you! You need me! 
Spider-Man: Okay, shut up. You're coming with me! Shut the thing. 
Spider-Man: Sorry. I love you. Don't hate me. 
Gwen Stacy: PETER!
Peter Parker: You know what it is I love about being Spider-Man? Everything!
Aleksei Sytsevich: You fight me! You fight me now! 
Spider-Man: You want me to come down there so you can kill me? 
Aleksei Sytsevich: Yes! 
Spider-Man: Okay, I'll be right there.
Peter Parker: I'm so sorry I'm late, I had a traffic thing. 
Gwen Stacy: Did your "traffic jam" have anything to do with, I don't know, being shot at by machine guns? 
Peter Parker: Yeah, I was implying that.
Aunt May: Hey, wait. What are you doing? What are you doing? No, I do the laundry. 
Peter Parker: I'm doing my laundry. 
Aunt May: No, I do the laundry. No, I this is my job. I've been doing your laundry since you were 6 years old. 
Peter Parker: I understand that. I'm in college now. I think it's time I took care of my own dirty underwear. 
Aunt May: Last time you did it, you turned everything blue and red, so no. 
Peter Parker: That was a mistake. Because I washing the American flag. My... Can I just please just...? 
Aunt May: No one washes a flag. 
Peter Parker: I do, and I won't anymore. 
Aunt May: This is my machine. 
Peter Parker: Fine. It's just underwear. 
Aunt May: This is laundry, my home, my machine. Back off, eat your breakfast. 
Peter Parker: All right, laundry sheriff. I'll do it later.
Electro: You're too late, Spider-Man. I designed this power grid. Now I'm gonna take back what is rightfully mine. I will control everything. And I will be like a god to them. 
Spider-Man: A god named Sparkles?
Peter Parker: Everyday I wake up knowing that no matter how many lives I protect, no matter how many people call me a hero, someone even more powerful could change everything.
Peter Parker: I like to think Spider-Man gives people hope.
Harry Osborn: You're gonna wanna see this. 
Harry Osborn: OsCorp had you under surveillance. 
Peter Parker: Why? 
Harry Osborn: Isn't that the question of the day?
Max Dillon: You wanted to be the hero. And now you gotta pay the price!
Peter Parker: Did you get my message? 
Gwen Stacy: What message? 
Peter Parker: The message right there. 
Gwen Stacy: Oh, that. That was you? 
Peter Parker: Don't do that. 
Gwen Stacy: I couldn't make it out. 
Peter Parker: I'll tell you what it says. Says, "I love you." Because I love you. And no offence, but you're wrong. 
Gwen Stacy: I'm wrong about what? 
Peter Parker: You're wrong about us being on different paths. We're not on different paths. You're my path. And you're always gonna be my path. And I know there's a million reasons why we shouldn't be together. I know that. But I'm tired of them. I'm tired of every single one of them. We've all gotta make a choice. Right? Well, I choose you. So, here's my thought. England. Both of us. I'm following you now. I'm just gonna follow you everywhere. I'm just gonna follow you the rest of my life. I mean, they got crime there in England. 
Gwen Stacy: Yeah. 
Peter Parker: They got tons of crime, it seems. 
Gwen Stacy: Tons. 
Peter Parker: They got, uh, Jack the Ripper. 
Peter Parker: What? They haven't caught Jack the Ripper yet. You didn't know that?
Spider-Man: On behalf of the fine people of New York and real rhinos everywhere, I ask you to put your mechanized paws in the air! 
Aleksei Sytsevich: Never! I crush you, I kill you! I destroy you!
Spider-Man: There really is no place like home.
Aunt May: Everyone has a part of themselves they hide. Even from the people they love most.
Gwen Stacy: You're Spider-Man, and I love that. But I love Peter Parker more.
Gwen Stacy: Hi, is Peter home? 
Aunt May: No, he's doing... whatever it is he does. 
Gwen Stacy: Right.
Gustav Fiers: We have plans for you, Peter Parker.
Electro: You wanna be my friend? 
Harry Osborn: I thought we were already friends. 
Electro: I had a friend once. It didn't work out. 
Harry Osborn: Yeah. Me too. 
Electro: Then let's go catch a spider.
Electro: You do realize you locked me in a prison that runs on electricity? Mm. I can feel it in the walls. I can feel it in my veins. No matter what you do, doc, you can't contain it. It's a force of nature. Like me. You wanna know how powerful I am? 
Dr. Ashley Kafka: Ja. 
Electro: Well, so do I. 
Dr. Ashley Kafka: Ooh. 
Electro: I'm dying to know, doc. But you better make damn sure you kill me this time. Because if you don't, I'm gonna kill the light. So everyone in this city is gonna know how it feels to live in my world. A world without power. A world without mercy. A world without Spider-Man. And everyone will be able to see me for who I truly am. 
Dr. Ashley Kafka: And who are you? 
Electro: Don't you know? I'm Electro. 
Dr. Ashley Kafka: Very impressive, Electro.
Spider-Man: Yo, Sparkles! 
Electro: You don't remember me? 
Spider-Man: Of course I remember you! You're my eyes and ears! Uhh, what's your name again? Uhh, do I know it? I know it! Don't tell me... 
Electro: It's Max. 
Spider-Man: Is it Max? 
Electro: Yes. 
Electro: How could you forget me? 
Electro: YOU LIED TO ME! 
Spider-Man: No, no, I'm trying to help you! Let me help you!
Peter Parker: This is the maintenance closet, Gwen. This is most cliched hiding place you could've chosen. This is the stupidest hiding place. 
Gwen Stacy: I'm sorry, I didn't take us to the Bahamas of hiding places.
Peter Parker: Nothing is what I thought it was.
Aunt May: I once told you that secrets have a cost. The truth does too.
Max Dillon: It must be cool, huh? To have the whole world see you like that? You know, Spider-Man saved my life one time. Out of all the people in the whole city, he saved me. He said he needed me. 
Gwen Stacy: That must be a good feeling.
Spider-Man: You okay? You all right? 
Max Dillon: You're Spider-Man. 
Spider-Man: Costume gives it away, huh? These look pretty important, Max. 
Max Dillon: How do you know my name? 
Spider-Man: It's written on your badge. 
Max Dillon: I'm a nobody. 
Spider-Man: Hey, you're not a nobody. You're a somebody.
Peter Parker: You're wrong about us being on different paths, we're not on different paths. You're my path. And you're always gonna be my path.
Harry Osborn: What about Peter? 
Norman Osborn: Not everyone has a happy ending...
Peter Parker: I made a choice; this is my path.
Harry Osborn: We LITERALLY can change the world!
Green Goblin: Peter. When you said Spider-Man said no, you meant *you* said no. 
Spider-Man: Harry, what did you do? 
Green Goblin: What you made me do. You were my friend and you BETRAYED ME! 
Spider-Man: No. I was trying to protect you. 
Green Goblin: Oh. Look at me. 
Spider-Man: Hey, it's gonna be okay. This is gonna be all right. 
Green Goblin: You don't give people hope. You take it away. 
Spider-Man: No, Harry. 
Green Goblin: I'm gonna take away yours. 
Spider-Man: No. Gwen, run!
Max Dillon: I just wanted everybody to see me...
Harry Osborn: Psst! I'm gonna get you out of here, alright. But we don't have much time. 
Electro: Who are you? 
Harry Osborn: I'm Harry Osborn. I want to make you a deal. 
Electro: I should kill you. 
Harry Osborn: Oh, come on. Think bigger, Max. I'm not the one you want. You want Spider-Man and I can give him to you.
Gwen Stacy: And that is why you were number two at Midtown. 
Spider-Man: Rub it in. Okay.
Peter Parker: You're wrong about us being on different paths. We're not on different paths, you're my path and you're always gonna be my path. And I know there's a million reasons why we shouldn't be together, I know that. But I'm tired of them, I'm tired of every single one of them, you know I gotta make a choose, Gwen, I choose you.
Harry Osborn: Peter Parker. It's like seeing a ghost. 
Peter Parker: Hey, Harry. 
Harry Osborn: Random. What, ten years? 
Peter Parker: It's eight. But you're close. 
Harry Osborn: What's up? 
Peter Parker: I saw the news, man. I heard about your dad and I wanted to come and... Just wanted to come and see you. Check to see how you were doing. 
Harry Osborn: I'm with some people. I'm in a... I'm in a meeting. 
Peter Parker: Sorry, I don't wanna intrude. I know it's been a long time. I kind of know exactly what you're going through right now. And you were so there for me when my parents... Well, that's why I'm here for you. 
Harry Osborn: Thank you. 
Peter Parker: It's good to see you, man. It's good to see you. I'm sorry about your dad. 
Harry Osborn: You got your braces off. 
Harry Osborn: Now there's nothing to distract from your unibrow. 
Peter Parker: There he is. There he is! You still blow-dry your hair every morning? 
Harry Osborn: Well, you know, one of my manservants holds the hair dryer. But I work the comb, okay? So at least I'm not completely helpless. 
Peter Parker: You're stupid.
Gwen Stacy: There was an accident in the genomics lab, and they're covering it up. And I found out. That guy from Times Square last night? I met him. He was an electrical engineer in the building. And he loved Spider-Man, by the way. He was, like, a fanatic. 
Peter Parker: I didn't get love vibes. I got more of a "want to kill me with his electricity" vibe. 
Gwen Stacy: That's actually kind of what it's like to love you.
Aunt May: I know the first thing your Uncle Ben would say. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, I know too. "You better hurry up, party's over. You gotta get a job." 
Aunt May: Alright, the second thing he would say:  "Don't just follow the path, make your own trail." 
Peter Parker: Ralph Waldo Emerson. 
Aunt May: No. 
Peter Parker: What do you mean, no? 
Aunt May: Ben told me he made it up!
Peter Parker: I hate this song!
Spider-Man: Knock, knock. Mr. Criminal? Hey, my name is Spider-Man. You can call me Web-Head, you can call me Amazing, just don't call me late for dinner. You get it?
Harry Osborn: How the tables have turned. I know it's hard to admit, but how spectacular a move is this? Am I right? 
Electro: Right as rain. 
Harry Osborn: Okay, so, Fairy Godmother, it is time to grant me a wish. I want in to Special... 
Donald Menken: How dare you come back in here? You recalcitrant, unworthy, defective, urchin freaks. 
Harry Osborn: Oh, God, sorry. That's just not the answer we were looking for.
Aunt May: You know, it's so funny I've been trying to clean up around here to be more organized and putting some of Ben's stuff in boxes, and it's so funny, the heavier the box gets the lighter I feel. 
Peter Parker: You're throwing his stuff away? 
Aunt May: No, god no, I couldn't do that it's part of me, I'm just finding a better place for it. I'm going to take one last look, and I'm going to put it where it belongs.
Harry Osborn: I'm sorry he never introduced us. I thought you two had broken up. 
Gwen Stacy: Oh... Yeah. Yes, we had. And it's... 
Harry Osborn: It's complicated. 
Gwen Stacy: Complicated. Yeah. 
Harry Osborn: I mean, it's Peter. Everything's always complicated with Peter. 
Gwen Stacy: Yeah. Yeah... Yeah, you're right. 
Harry Osborn: But that's why he needs you. Right? To help him make his choices clear.
Peter Parker: Who was that? 
Aunt May: Harvey. 
Peter Parker: Doing a double shift, huh? 
Aunt May: Sometimes. Got nothing else to do. I like the girls. I miss Ben. Gives me a little extra in the cookie jar. 
Peter Parker: Well, I sold another couple of photos to the Bugle, so that ought to help. 
Aunt May: Yeah, it would really help if that guy would pay you a fair wage. 
Peter Parker: Oh, Jameson pays me a fair wage. If it was 1961, he pays me a fair wage.
Peter Parker: There's no place like home!
Richard Parker: People will say I am a monster for what I've done. And maybe they're right. I'd always thought that I'd have more time.
Harry Osborn: Dude. Nice arm. 
Peter Parker: It's just the wrist. It's just all in the wrist, buddy.
Spider-Man: I'm glad you're not one of those cops who rides a horse.
Donald Menken: Harry, Oscorp's been under intense public scrutiny in the wake of Dr. Connors' recent, uh, breach of trust. 
Harry Osborn: You mean people are pissed off because he tried to turn everyone in New York City into giant lizards.
Harry Osborn: What did you do? 
Donald Menken: The more relevant question is what did you do? And an employee is killed and in your first action as CEO, you cover it up. 
Harry Osborn: No, *you* covered it up. Then you buried him in the bughouse using my name. 
Donald Menken: Ravencroft is a timeworn institution devoted to mental improvement. 
Harry Osborn: You are experimenting on people in there. 
Donald Menken: Progress has its stepping stones. Now, in light of your deceptive criminal actions, you've been... How do I put this gently? Fired. 
Harry Osborn: You are not going to bury me, too. 
Donald Menken: Looks to me like you're halfway in the ground already. It's only a matter of time. You're going to die a horrible death. Like your father. The difference is, no one is going to miss you.
Harry Osborn: You've made progress? 
Gustav Fiers: I've identifies several worthy candidates. Now that Spider-Man's gone, this city will never be the same. 
Harry Osborn: Oh, I'm counting on that. 
Gustav Fiers: Speaking of progress, you're looking better. 
Harry Osborn: It comes and goes. Tell me more. 
Gustav Fiers: How many men did you have in mind? 
Harry Osborn: I want to keep it small. Everything you need is already at OsCorp.
Norman Osborn: This is not how I imagined I would die. Looking at my son and seeing a stranger. You have such potential, Harry. Such fierce intelligence, and you're throwing it all away. 
Harry Osborn: No, you threw me away. You kicked me off to boarding school when I was 11. On my 16th birthday, you sent me Scotch. Or one of your assistants did. I'm pretty sure because the card read:  "With compliments, Norman Osborn." 
Norman Osborn: I don't expect forgiveness from you anymore. I don't believe in miracles. How could you possibly understand that your childhood had to be sacrificed for something greater? And not just for me. For you! Has your hand started to twitch yet? When you lay awake and you feel it coming, hiding under your skin, waiting to show itself. To show you who you really are. Retro viral hyperplasia. I never told you that it's genetic. Our disease, the Osborn curse. And it began at your age. Let me see it. Your hand. Give it to me. The greatest inheritance I can give you isn't merely money. It's this. The sum total of all my work. Everything I did to stay alive. Maybe you can succeed where I failed.
Electro: It's my birthday. Now it's time for me to light my candles.
Peter Parker: I'm so naked in here.
Peter Parker: England? Really? 
Gwen Stacy: Good talk.
Max Dillon: It's not my fault.
Peter Parker: You're wrong about us being on different paths. We're not on different paths, you're my path and you're always gonna be my path. And I know there's a million reasons why we shouldn't be together, I know that. But I'm tired of them, I'm tired of every single one of them, you know I gotta make a choice, Gwen, I choose you.
Jorge's Mother: No! NO! 
Police Captain: Hold your fire! Everybody, hold your fire! 
Dispatcher: Unit 2, stand down, stand down. 
Dispatcher: Civilian in our line of sight. 
Lead Officer: Kid! You gotta get- 
Aleksei Sytsevich: Look, New York! Spider-Man is back! 
Man: Leave the kid alone! 
Jorge's Mother: That's my baby! Please. 
Aleksei Sytsevich: Brave boy, huh? Does Aleksei scare you, little boy? 
Spider-Man: Hey, Spider-Man. 
Jorge: I knew you'd come back. 
Spider-Man: Yeah. Thanks for stepping up for me. You're the bravest kid I've ever seen. I'm gonna take care of this jerk. You go take care of your mom. Okay? 
Spider-Man: All right, get out of here. Go. Go.
Spider-Man: There's no place like home.
Norman Osborn: You're looking at the world's first human-spider hybrids. 
Richard Parker: The hope is to extract the venom from their glands and turn that into a cure. An agent that heals diseased cells. 
Norman Osborn: And if I can be cured, imagine what this could do for other diseases, like Alzheimers, even cancer. 
Harry Osborn: They never made it to human trials. It's fourteen years of research, and nothing to show for it. 
Harry Osborn: Except maybe this. 
Harry Osborn: Spider-Man. 
Peter Parker: What about him? 
Harry Osborn: He was bitten by one of those things, and it worked! I don't know how and I don't know why, but he can do everything a spider can, including self-heal. I need to find him. I need his blood. 
Peter Parker: You need... Spider-Man's blood? 
Harry Osborn: It'll save my life. 
Peter Parker: It may not, Har. It may not be that simple. You saw what happened to Curt Connors, right? 
Harry Osborn: Connors was weak. This is me, Peter. 
Peter Parker: I don't think you can just set up a van and have him donate. I mean, I'm sure he's sensitive about people shoving needles and... 
Harry Osborn: Ah, he's sensitive, OK. Well, then, maybe you could just "sensitively" tell me where he is, and I will go ask him myself! 
Peter Parker: What? 
Harry Osborn: You took his picture. 
Peter Parker: So? 
Harry Osborn: You know him. 
Peter Parker: Harry, I took the picture from a long way away. I used a long lens. I don't know him. 
Harry Osborn: I put together what you said at the river. 
Peter Parker: What I--? 
Harry Osborn: About how he gives people hope. Come on. Just say yes. 
Harry Osborn: Don't turn your back on me! I don't want to end up like my father, Peter. Please. Peter, please. I can't. 
Harry Osborn: Please. 
Peter Parker: I'm gonna try and find Spider-Man.
Gwen Stacy: There was an accident in the genomics lab, and they're covering it up. And I found out. That guy from Times Square last night? I met him. He was an electrical engineer in the building. And he loved Spider-Man, by the way. He was, like, a fanatic. 
Peter Parker: I didn't get love vibes last night. I got more of a "want to kill me with his electricity" vibe. 
Gwen Stacy: That's actually kind of what it's like to love you. I was searching for him in the computer and all the files. He's erased. 
Peter Parker: My God. 
Gwen Stacy: He's completely erased. 
Peter Parker: That's Oscorp. 
Gwen Stacy: And what about you? Why are you here? 
Peter Parker: Harry. 
Gwen Stacy: Osborn? 
Peter Parker: He's dying. 
Gwen Stacy: What do you mean? 
Peter Parker: He's dying, and he thinks the only thing that's gonna save his life is my blood; Spider-Man's blood. And as far as I know, if I give it to him, it could kill him. 
Gwen Stacy: Or something worse. 
Peter Parker: I know. This is the maintenance closet, Gwen. This is the most clichéd hiding place you could've chosen. This is the stupidest hiding place. 
Gwen Stacy: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't take us to the Bahamas of hiding places.
Rocket Raccoon: No, Groot! You can't! You'll die! Why are you doing this? Why? 
Groot: We are Groot.
Groot: I am Groot. 
Peter Quill: Well that's just as fascinating as the first 89 times you told me that. What is wrong with Giving Tree here? 
Rocket Raccoon: Well he don't know talkin' good like me and you, so his vocabulistics is limited to "I" and "am" and "Groot," exclusively in that order. 
Peter Quill: Well I tell you what, that's gonna wear real thin, real fast, bud.
Rocket Raccoon: But Quill, beating Ronan... it can't be done. You're asking us to die. 
Peter Quill: Yeah... I guess I am. 
Gamora: Quill, I have lived most of my life surrounded my enemies. I will be grateful to die among my friends. 
Drax the Destroyer: You're an honorable man, Quill. I will fight beside you. And in the end, I will see my wife and daughter. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket Raccoon: Aww, what the hell, I don't got that long a lifespan anyway... 
Rocket Raccoon: Well now I'm standing. Happy? We're all standing now. Bunch of jackasses, standing in a circle.
Drax the Destroyer: I just wanted to tell you how grateful I am that you've accepted me despite my blunders. It is good to once again be among friends. You, Quill, are my friend. 
Peter Quill: Thanks. 
Drax the Destroyer: This dumb tree is also my friend. 
Drax the Destroyer: And this green whore is also... 
Gamora: Oh, you must stop!
Drax the Destroyer: I can barely see. 
Groot: Drax the Destroyer: Where did you learn to do that? 
Peter Quill: I'm pretty sure the answer is:  "I am Groot". 
Groot:
Drax the Destroyer: Finger on throat means death! 
Drax the Destroyer: Metaphor. 
Peter Quill: ...Sort of.
Korath the Pursuer: Star-Lord! 
Peter Quill: Finally!
Groot: I am Groot.
Peter Quill: Yeah, I'll have to agree with the walking thesaurus on that one. 
Drax the Destroyer: DO NOT ever call me a thesaurus. 
Peter Quill: It's just a metaphor, dude. 
Rocket Raccoon: His people are completely literal. Metaphors go over his head. 
Drax the Destroyer: *Nothing* goes over my head...! My reflexes are too fast, I would catch it.
Peter Quill: I have a plan. 
Rocket Raccoon: You've got a plan? Okay, first of all, you're copying me from when I said I had a plan. 
Peter Quill: I'm not copying you, I have a plan, that's not that unique of a thing to say. 
Rocket Raccoon: And secondly, I don't think you even have a plan. 
Peter Quill: I have part of a plan. 
Drax the Destroyer: What percentage of a plan do you have? 
Gamora: You don't get to ask questions after the nonsense you pulled on Knowhere! 
Drax the Destroyer: I just saved Quill! 
Peter Quill: We've already established that you destroying the ship I'm on is not saving me! 
Drax the Destroyer: When did we establish that? 
Peter Quill: Like three seconds ago! 
Drax the Destroyer: Well I wasn't listening then, I was thinking of something else... 
Rocket Raccoon: She's right, you don't get an opinion... What percentage? 
Peter Quill: I dunno... Twelve percent? 
Rocket Raccoon: Twelve percent? 
Peter Quill: That's a fake laugh. 
Rocket Raccoon: It's real! 
Peter Quill: Totally fake! 
Rocket Raccoon: That is the most real, authentic, hysterical laugh of my entire life because THAT IS NOT A PLAN! 
Gamora: It's barely a concept. 
Peter Quill: You're taking their side? 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket Raccoon: So what, "It's better than eleven percent!" What the hell does that have to do with anything? 
Peter Quill: Thank you Groot, thank you. See? Groot's the only one of you who has a clue. 
Groot:
Gamora: I am going to die surrounded by the biggest idiots in the galaxy.
Rocket Raccoon: If we're gonna get outta here, we gonna need to get into that watch tower, and to do that, I'm gonna need a few things. The guards wear security bands to control their ins and outs. I need one. 
Gamora: Leave it to me. 
Rocket Raccoon: That dude there. I need his prosthetic leg. 
Peter Quill: His leg? 
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah. God knows I don't need the rest of him. Look at him. He's useless. 
Peter Quill: ...All right. 
Rocket Raccoon: And finally, on the wall back there is a black panel. Blinky yellow light. You see it? 
Peter Quill: Yeah. 
Rocket Raccoon: There's a quarnex battery behind it. Purplish box. Green wires. To get into that watch tower, I definitely need it. 
Gamora: How are we supposed to do that? 
Rocket Raccoon: Well, supposedly, these bald bodies find you attractive, so maybe you could work out some sort of trade. 
Gamora: You must be joking. 
Rocket Raccoon: No, I really heard they find you attractive. 
Peter Quill: Look. It's 20 feet up in the air and it's in the middle of the most heavily guarded part of the prison. It's impossible to get up there without being seen. 
Rocket Raccoon: I got one plan, and that plan requires this frickin' quarnex battery, so FIGURE IT OUT! 
Rocket Raccoon: Can I get back to it? Thanks. 
Rocket Raccoon: Now, this is important. Once the battery is removed, everything is gonna slam into emergency mode. Once we have it, we gotta move quickly, so you definitely need to get that last. 
Rocket Raccoon: Or we could just get it first and improvise. 
Gamora: I'll get the armband. 
Peter Quill: Leg.
Peter Quill: When I look around, you know what I see? Losers. 
Peter Quill: I mean like, folks who have lost stuff. And we have, man, we have, all of us. Homes, and our families, normal lives. And you think life takes more than it gives, but not today. Today it's giving us something. It is giving us a chance. 
Rocket Raccoon: To do what? 
Peter Quill: To give a shit. And I am not gonna stand by and watch as billions of lives are being wiped out.
Denarian Saal: Peter Quill, this is Denarian Saal. For the record, I advised them against trusting you. 
Peter Quill: They got my dick message. 
Denarian Saal: Prove me wrong!
Gamora: I'm a warrior, an assassin. I don't dance. 
Peter Quill: Really? Well, on my planet, we have a legend about people like you. It's called Footloose. And in it, a great hero, named Kevin Bacon, teaches an entire city full of people with sticks up their butts that, dancing, well, is the greatest thing there is. 
Gamora: ...Who put the sticks up their butts?
Gamora: I know who you are, Peter Quill, and I am not some starry-eyed waif here to succumb to your... your pelvic sorcery!
Rocket Raccoon: That's for if things get really hardcore. Or if you wanna blow up moons. 
Gamora: No one's blowing up moons. 
Rocket Raccoon: You just wanna suck the joy out of everything.
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket Raccoon: Asleep for the danger, awake for the money, as per frickin' usual.
Gamora: We're just like Kevin Bacon.
Peter Quill: She betrayed Ronan, he's coming for her. That's when you... 
Drax the Destroyer: ...Why would I want to put my finger on his throat? 
Peter Quill: No, that's the symbol for slicing his throat. 
Drax the Destroyer: I would not slice his throat, I would cut his head clean off. 
Peter Quill: It's a general expression for you killing somebody. You've heard of this. You've seen this, right? You know what that is.
Drax the Destroyer: This one shows spirit. He shall make a keen ally in the battle against Ronan. Companion, what were you retrieving? 
Drax the Destroyer: You're an imbecile.
Peter Quill: What should we do next:  Something good, something bad? Bit of both? 
Gamora: We'll follow your lead, Star-Lord. 
Peter Quill: A bit of both!
Rocket Raccoon: What did the galaxy ever do for you? Why would you want to save it? 
Peter Quill: Because I'm one of the idiots who lives in it!
Gamora: Peter, take my hand! 
Ronan: You're mortal! How... 
Peter Quill: You said it yourself, bitch. We're the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Groot: We are Groot.
Gamora: And Quill, your ship is filthy. 
Gamora: Peter Quill: Oh she has no idea. If I had a blacklight, this would look like a Jackson Pollock painting. 
Rocket Raccoon: You got issues, Quill.
Rhomann Dey: He said that he may be an... "a-hole". But he's not, and I quote, "100% a dick". 
Nova Prime Rael: Do you believe him? 
Rhomann Dey: Well, I don't know if I believe anyone is 100% a dick... 
Nova Prime Rael: Do you believe he's here to help? 
Rhomann Dey: ...Yeah, I do.
Rhomann Dey: Peter Jason Quill. He's also known as Star-Lord. 
Nova Corps Officer: Who calls him that? 
Rhomann Dey: Himself, mostly. Wanted mostly on charges of minor assault, public intoxication and fraud... 
Peter Quill: Oh, I'm sorry. I don't know how this machine works...
Gamora: I have lived most of my life surrounded by my enemies. I would be grateful to die surrounded by my friends.
Ronan: Citizens of Xandar, behold your guardians of the galaxy! What fruit have they wrought? 
Peter Quill: Ooh, child, things are gonna get easier. Ooh child, things will get brighter. You listen to these words. Ooh child, things are gonna get easier. Ooh child things'll get brighter. Then bring it down hard! Someday... 
Ronan: What are you doing? 
Peter Quill: Dance-off, bro. Me and you. 
Peter Quill: Gamora. 
Peter Quill: Subtle, taking it back. 
Ronan: What are you doing? 
Peter Quill: I'm distracting you, you big turd blossom!
Gamora: You don't get opinions after that nonsense you pulled on Knowhere. 
Drax the Destroyer: I just saved Quill! 
Peter Quill: We've already established that blowing up the ship I'm on isn't saving me. 
Drax the Destroyer: When did we establish that? 
Peter Quill: Like three seconds ago! 
Drax the Destroyer: Well I wasn't listening then, I was thinking about something else. 
Rocket Raccoon: She's right; you don't get opinions.
Rocket Raccoon: Quit smiling, ya idiot, you're supposed to be professional.
Meredith Quill: Dear Peter:  I know this will be hard for you, but I'm going somewhere good and nice. But know this:  I will always be with you, my angel from heaven, my prince... my Star-Lord.
Star-Lord: Here you go. 
Rocket Raccoon: Oh, I was just kidding about the leg. I just need these two things. 
Star-Lord: What? 
Rocket Raccoon: No, I thought it'd be funny! Was it funny? No, wait, what'd he look like hopping around? 
Star-Lord: I had to transfer him 30,000 units! 
Rocket Raccoon:
Peter Quill: He's going to be pissed when he finds out I switched out the orb on him. 
Gamora: He's going to kill you, Peter. 
Peter Quill: Oh I know. But he's about the only family I have. 
Gamora: No... he wasn't.
Rocket Raccoon: We're the fricking Guardians of the Galaxy!
Drax the Destroyer: I like your knife, I'm keeping it. 
Moloka Dar: That was my favorite knife.
Rocket Raccoon: I live for the simple things... like how much this is going to hurt! 
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah, writhe, little man.
Drax the Destroyer: This vermin speaks of affairs he knows nothing about! 
Rocket Raccoon: That is true! 
Drax the Destroyer: He has no respect! 
Rocket Raccoon: That is also true! Keep callin' me vermin tough guy, you just want to laugh at me like everyone else! 
Peter Quill: Rocket, you're drunk, all right? No one's laughing at you. 
Rocket Raccoon: He thinks I'm some stupid thing! He does! 
Rocket Raccoon: Well, I didn't ask to get made! I didn't ask to be torn apart and put back together over and over and turned into some little monster! 
Peter Quill: Rocket, no one's calling you a monster... 
Rocket Raccoon: He called me vermin! She called me rodent! Let's see if you can laugh after five or six good shots in your freakin' face! 
Peter Quill: No no no! Four billion units! Rocket, come on man, suck it up for one more lousy night and we're rich. 
Rocket Raccoon: Fine, but I can't promise when all of this is over I'm not going to kill every last one of you jerks. 
Peter Quill: See, this is exactly why none of you have any friends!
Peter Quill: So here we are:  a thief, two thugs, an assassin and a maniac. But we're not going to stand by as evil wipes out the galaxy. I guess we're stuck together, partners.
Gamora: You should have learned. 
Peter Quill: I don't learn. One of my issues.
Rocket Raccoon: Look at this thing. It thinks it's so cool. It's not cool to ask for help! Walk by yourself, you little gargoyle!
Nebula: Gamora, you've always been weak! You stupid, traitorous... 
Drax the Destroyer: No one talks to my friends like that.
Ronan: I only ask that you take this matter seriously. 
Thanos: The only matter I do not take seriously, boy, is you. Your politics bore me! Your demeanor is that of a pouting child. And apparently you alienated my favorite daughter, Gamora. I shall honor our agreement, Kree, if you bring me the Orb. But return to me again empty handed and I will bathe the star-ways with your blood. 
Nebula: Thanks, Dad. Sounds fair.
Rocket Raccoon: You idiot! How am I supposed to fight these things without my stuff? 
Drax the Destroyer: Creepy little beast! 
Rocket Raccoon: Oh yeah!
Rocket Raccoon: Where's your wife, you old codger?
Denarian Saal: I can't believe I'm taking orders from a hamster.
Rhomann Dey: They call themselves the Guardians of the Galaxy. 
Denarian Saal: What a bunch of a-holes.
Peter Quill: You're a good looking girl. You should try to be more nice to people.
Nova Prime Rael: The fate of 12 billion people is in your hands. 
Peter Quill: Hold on a second, you're being serious right now?
Star-Lord: Dance-off, bro! Me and you! 
Ronan: It's on!
Denarian Saal: What the hell? 
Rhomann Dey: Groot:  he's been travelling recently as Rocket's personal houseplant slash muscle.
Rocket Raccoon: Idiot, they're all idiots. Quill just got himself captured. 
Rocket Raccoon: None of this would've happened if you hadn't tried to take on an frickin' army! 
Drax the Destroyer: You're right. I was a fool. All that anger. All that rage. It just covered my loss. 
Rocket Raccoon: "Aww, boo-hoo. My wife and child are dead." 
Rocket Raccoon: I don't care if it's mean. Everybody's got dead people! But it makes no excuse to letting everyone else around get killed along the way!
Peter Quill: If you kill me, you're gonna miss the biggest score you've ever seen. 
Yondu Udonta: The Stone? I hope you gotta better idea 'cause no one ain't stealing from Ronan. 
Peter Quill: We got a ringer. 
Peter Quill: She knows everything there is about Ronan. His ship, how to get in... 
Gamora: He's vulnerable. 
Peter Quill: So whaddaya think? Me and you, taking down scores, just like old times? 
Yondu Udonta: You always had balls, son! That's why we kept you as a youngling!
Peter Quill: HEY, HEY, HEY! That's mine! Hey, take those headphones off, right now! 
Peter Quill: Hooked on a Feeling, Blue Swede! That song belongs to me!
Thanos: Boy, I would reconsider your current course! 
Ronan: You call ME, boy? I will unfurl one thousand years of Kree justice on Xandar and burn it to its core! Then, Thanos, I'm coming for you!
Drax the Destroyer: Spare me your foul gaze woman!
Peter Quill: What are you doing? 
Drax the Destroyer: This vermin speaks of affairs he knows nothing about! 
Rocket Raccoon: That is true! 
Drax the Destroyer: He has no respect! 
Rocket Raccoon: That is also true!
Yondu Udonta: We're Ravagers, we got a code. 
Peter Quill: Yeah, and that code is:  steal from everybody.
Gamora: It's time we stand up for what is right. 
Nebula: Ha.
Peter Quill: I come from Earth, a planet of outlaws. My name is Peter Quill. There's one other name you may know me by. Star-Lord.
Gamora: Your wife and child shall rest well, knowing that you have avenged them. 
Drax the Destroyer: Yes. Of course Ronan was only a puppet. It's really Thanos that I need to kill.
Rocket Raccoon: Okay, let's see how bad does someone want ya. Forty-thousand units? Groot, we're gonna be rich! 
Rocket Raccoon: Oh my...
Howard the Duck: Why'd ya have it lick you like that? Gross!
Peter Quill: Thank you. 
Rhomann Dey: I have a wife and child on Xandar. Thanks to you, they're still alive.
Rocket Raccoon: There's one more thing we need to complete the plan:  that guy's eye! 
Peter Quill: No, no, no, we don't need that guy's eye! 
Rocket Raccoon: No, seriously, I need it! 
Rocket Raccoon: It's important to me...
Rocket Raccoon: We don't have any weapons! 
Peter Quill: These are mine pods, they're nearly indestructible. 
Rocket Raccoon: Not against Necroblasters they're not! 
Peter Quill: That's not what I'm saying. 
Rocket Raccoon: ...Oh.
Peter Quill: I was only a kid when I left Earth, and I had no idea what the universe had in store for me.
Meredith Quill: Peter, take my hand...
Drax the Destroyer: I recognize this animal. We'd roast them over a flame pit as children. Their flesh was quite delicious. 
Rocket Raccoon: Not helping!
Rocket Raccoon: YOU'RE... MAKING... ME... BEAT... UP... GRASS!
One Legged Prisoner: You need my what?
Peter Quill: If we're gonna work together you might wanna try trusting me a little bit. 
Gamora: How much do you trust me?
Rocket Raccoon: You killed Groot!
Nova Prime Rael: Are you telling me that the fate of thirty million inhabitants is in the hands of these criminals?
Rhomann Dey: Drax:  AKA the Destroyer. Since his wife and family were killed, he's been on a rampage across the galaxy in a search for vengeance.
Rhomann Dey: Rocket:  wanted on over 50 charges of vehicular theft and escape from custody.
Groot: I am Groot! 
Rocket Raccoon: I know they're the only friends we've ever had!
The Collector: These carriers can use the stone to mow down entire civilisations like wheat in a field. 
Peter Quill: There's a little pee coming out of me right now.
Rocket Raccoon: Let's get something clear! This one here is our booty. You wanna get to him, you go through us... or, more accurately, we go through you!
Gamora: Whatever nightmares the future holds are but dreams compared to what's behind me.
Rocket Raccoon: Can you believe they call us criminals when he's assaulting us with that haircut?
Rhomann Dey: Gamora:  soldier, assassin, wanted on over a dozen counts of murder.
Peter Quill: There's one other name you might know me by... Star Lord. 
Korath the Pursuer: ...Who? 
Peter Quill: Star Lord, man. Legendary Outlaw. 
Peter Quill: ... Guys?
Gamora: It's dangerous and illegal work, suitable only for outlaws. 
Peter Quill: Well, I come from a planet of outlaws:  Billy the Kid, Bonnie and Clyde, John Stamos.
Ronan: Xandar, you stand accused! Your wretched peace treaty will not save you now. It is the tinder on which you burn.
Peter Quill: A lot of people has been trying to kill me over the years. I'm not going to be brought down by a tree and a talking raccoon. 
Rocket Raccoon: Hold up! What's a raccoon? 
Peter Quill: What's a raccoon? You stupid. 
Rocket Raccoon: Ain't no thing like me, except me!
Watchtower Guard: Prisoner, drop the device immediately and retreat to your cell, or we will open fire! 
Groot: I... AM... GROOT! 
Watchtower Guard: Fire!
Drax the Destroyer: You! Man who has lain with an Askervarian! 
Peter Quill: It was one time, man.
Peter Quill: Oh you wanna talk about senseless? How about trying to save us by blowing us up? 
Rocket Raccoon: We were only gonna blow you up if they didn't turn you over. 
Peter Quill: And how on earth were they gonna turn us over when you only gave them a count of five? 
Rocket Raccoon: Well we didn't have time to work out the minutiae of the plan.
Yondu Udonta: Do you got any other cute little buggers like this one? I like to stick 'em all in a row on my control console.
Yondu Udonta: I may be as pretty as an angel, but I sure as hell ain't one.
Nebula: After Xandar, you're going to kill my father? 
Ronan: You dare to oppose me? 
Nebula: You see what he has turned me into? You kill him and I will help you destroy a thousand planets.
Rocket Raccoon: Attention, idiots. The lunatic on top of this craft is holding a Hadron Enforcer, a weapon of my own design. 
Yondu Udonta: What the hell? 
Rocket Raccoon: If you don't hand over our companions now, he's gonna tear your ship a new one. A very *big* new one.
Ronan: With all due respect, Thanos, your daughter made this mess, and yet you summon ME? 
The Other: I would lower my voice, Accuser! 
Ronan: First, she lost a battle to some primitive... 
The Other: Thanos had put Gamora under your charge! 
Ronan: ...then she was apprehended by the Nova Corps... 
The Other: You are the one, here, with nothing to show for him! 
Ronan: Your sources say she was meant to betray us the whole time! 
The Other: Lower your tone! Here you won't bring in your...
Rocket Raccoon: Move to the watchtower! 
Peter Quill: That was a pretty good plan.
Peter Quill: I saw you out there. I don't know what came over me, but I couldn't let you die. I found something inside of myself, something incredibly heroic. I mean, not to brag, but objectively... 
Gamora: Where's the orb?
Yondu Udonta: Remember, boy. At the end of all this, I get the stone. You cross me, we kill you all.
Nova Prime Rael: Ronan is destroying Xandarian outposts throughout the galaxy! I should think that would call for some slight response on the part of the Kree. 
Kree Ambassador: We signed your peace treaty, Nova Prime. What more do you want? 
Nova Prime Rael: At least a statement from the Kree Empire saying that they condemn his actions. He is slaughtering children, families! 
Kree Ambassador: That is your business. Now, I have other matters to attend to. 
Nova Prime Rael: Prick!
Gamora: This was my opportunity to get away from Thanos.
Gamora: Nebula! Sister, help us fight Ronan. You know he's crazy! 
Nebula: I know you're both crazy!
Ronan: They call me terrorist, radical, zealot because I obey the ancient laws of my people, the Kree... and punish those who do not. Because I do not forgive your people for taking the life of my father, and his father, and his father before him. A thousand years of war between us will not be forgotten!
Drax the Destroyer: Let us put more of this liquid into our bodies.
Gamora: We'll follow your lead.
The Collector: Carina, get away from that stone! CARINA! 
Carina: I will no longer be your slave!
Rhomann Dey: Hey! If it isn't Star-Prince. 
Peter Quill: Star-Lord 
Rhomann Dey: Sorry. "Lord." 
Rhomann Dey: I picked this guy up a while back for petty theft. He's got a code name. Yeah. Stay out of the way. 
Peter Quill: Come on, man. It's a... It's an outlaw name.
Bereet: Peter, what happened? 
Peter Quill: Oh... hey, um... 
Bereet: Bereet! 
Peter Quill: Bereet. I'm gonna be totally honest, I forgot you were here.
Grandpa: Peter. Your momma wants to speak with you. Come on, Pete, take these fool things off.
Rocket Raccoon: Put him in the bag. Put him in the bag! 
Rocket Raccoon: No! Not her, him! Learn genders, man.
Drax the Destroyer: Are you not the man this wench attempted to kill? 
Peter Quill: Well, I mean, she's hardly the first woman to try and do that to me. 
Peter Quill: Look, this is from a smoking-hot Rajak girl. Stabbed me with a fork. Didn't like me skipping out on her at sunrise. I got, right here, a Kree girl tried to rip out my thorax. She caught me with this skinny little A'askavariian who worked in Nova Records. I was trying to get information. You ever see an A'askavariian? They have tentacles, and needles for teeth. If you think I'm seriously interested in that, then... You don't care. But here's the point.
Rhomann Dey: I have a family who are alive because of you. Your criminal records have also been expunged. However, I have to warn you against breaking any laws in the future. 
Rocket Raccoon: Question. What if I see something that I want to take, and it belongs to someone else? 
Rhomann Dey: Well you will be arrested. 
Rocket Raccoon: But what if I want it more than the person who has it? 
Rhomann Dey: Still illegal. 
Rocket Raccoon: That doesn't follow. No, I want it more, sir. Do you understand? 
Rocket Raccoon: What are you laughing at? Why? I can't have a discussion with this gentleman? 
Drax the Destroyer: What if someone does something irksome and I decide to remove his spine? 
Rhomann Dey: That's... that's actually murder. It's one of the worst crimes of all, so also illegal. 
Drax the Destroyer: Hmm.
Korath the Pursuer: You don't look like a junker. You're wearing Ravager garb. 
Peter Quill: This is just an outfit, man. 
Peter Quill: Ninja Turtle, you better stop poking me.
Ronan: The Xandorians and your culture are a disease. 
Sacrifice Nova Corpsman: You will never rule Xandar. 
Ronan: No. I will cure it!
Gamora: Why is this one here? 
Peter Quill: We promised him he could stay by your side until he kills your boss. I always keep my promises when they're to muscle-bound whack-jobs who will kill me if I don't.
Nebula: Bring it down!
Drax the Destroyer: Cease your yammering and relieve us from this arson confinement.
Yondu Udonta: When I picked you up as a kid, these boys wanted to eat you. They ain't never tasted Terran before. I saved your life! 
Peter Quill: Oh, will you shut up about that? God! Twenty years, you've been throwing that in my face, like it's some great thing, not eating me! Normal people don't even think about eating someone else! Much less that person having to be grateful for it! You abducted me, man. You stole me from my home and from my family.
The Collector: Once, for a moment, a group was able to share the energy amongst themselves, but even they were quickly destroyed by it. Beautiful. Beyond compare. 
Rocket Raccoon: Blah, blah, blah. We're all very fascinated, whitey. But we'd like to get paid.
Nebula: Seal all security doors! 
Nebula: Get out of my way!
Rocket Raccoon: They crumpled my pants up into a ball. That's rude! They folded yours.
Stan Lee: Today, I Think The Marvel Movies -- Everything They Do, They Do Well.
Steve Rogers: But if you put the hammer in an elevator? 
Tony Stark: It'll still go up. 
Steve Rogers: Elevator's not worthy.
Natasha Romanoff: Thor, report on the Hulk. 
Thor: The gates of Hel are filled with the screams of his victims! 
Thor: But not the screams of the dead, of course. No, no... wounded screams... mainly whimpering, a great deal of complaining and tales of sprained deltoids and... gout.
Steve Rogers: You get hurt, hurt 'em back. You get killed... walk it off.
Tony Stark: What's the vibranium for? 
Ultron: I'm glad you asked that, because I wanted to take this time to explain my evil plan...
Hawkeye: The city is flying and we're fighting an army of robots. And I have a bow and arrow. Nothing makes sense.
Maria Hill: All set up boss. 
Tony Stark: Actually he's the boss. 
Tony Stark: I just pay for everything and design everything, make everyone look cooler.
Steve Rogers: Fury, you son of a bitch! 
Nick Fury: Whoa ho ho! You kiss your mother with that mouth?
Pietro Maximoff: You didn't see that coming?
Natasha Romanoff: And how's little Natasha? 
Laura: She's... Nathaniel. 
Natasha Romanoff: Traitor.
Iron Man: Guys, stop. We gotta talk this through. 
Iron Man: It was a good talk. 
Fortress Soldier: No, it wasn't!
Nick Fury: Outwit the platinum bastard. 
Natasha Romanoff: Steve doesn't like that kind of talk. 
Steve Rogers: You know what Romanoff...
Thor: The girl tried to warp my brain! Take special care, I doubt if humans can keep her at bay! Fortunately, I am mighty...
Thor: If he can wield the Hammer, he can keep the Stone.
Ultron: How do you hope to stop me? 
Tony Stark: Like the old man said, Together.
Vision: You're afraid. 
Ultron: Of you? 
Vision: Of death. You're the last one. 
Ultron: You were supposed to be the last.
Iron Man: Shit! 
Captain America: Language!
Tony Stark: Alright so if I lift it then I rule Asgard? 
Thor: Yes, of course. 
Tony Stark: I will be reinstituting prima nota.
Ultron: Stark asked for a savior, and settled for a slave. 
Vision: I suppose we're both disappointments. 
Ultron: I suppose we are. 
Vision: Humans are odd. They think order and chaos are somehow opposites and try to control what won't be. But there is grace in their failings. I think you missed that. 
Ultron: They're doomed! 
Vision: Yes... but a thing isn't beautiful because it lasts. It is a privilege to be among them. 
Ultron: You're unbelievably naïve. 
Vision: Well, I was born yesterday.
James Rhodes: Are we even pulling? 
Tony Stark: Are you on my team? 
James Rhodes: Just represent! PULL!
Pietro Maximoff: Keep up, old man! 
Hawkeye: Nobody would know. Nobody. "The last I saw him, Ultron was sitting on him. Uh... yeah, he'll be missed. That quick little bastard. I miss him already..."
Tony Stark: This is an agent of some kind. 
Clint Barton: Gentlemen, this is Laura. 
Laura: I know all your names 
Clint Barton: Oh, Incoming. Hi sweetheart. Hey buddy! 
Clint Barton: How are you guys doin'? Look at your face! Oh my goodness! 
Tony Stark: These are... smaller agents. 
Lila Barton: Did you bring antie-Nat? 
Natasha Romanoff: Well why don't you hug her and find out!
Hawkeye: Doesn't matter what you did, or what you were. If you go out there, you fight, and you fight to kill. Stay in here, you're good, I'll send your brother to come find you. But if you step out that door, you are an Avenger.
Ultron: I once had strings, but now I'm free... There are no strings on me!
Maria Hill: File says they volunteered for Strucker's experiments. It's nuts. 
Steve Rogers: Right. What kind of monster would let a German scientist experiment on them in order to protect their country? 
Maria Hill: We're not at war, Captain. 
Steve Rogers: They are.
Tony Stark: Please be a secret door, please be a secret door, please be a secret door... 
Tony Stark: Yay!
Iron Man: And for gosh's sake, watch your language! 
Captain America: That's not going away anytime soon
Iron Man: Cap, you got an incoming! 
Captain America: Incoming already came in!
Clint Barton: Already tried the mind-control thing, not a fan!
Wanda Maximoff: Ultron can't see the difference between saving the world and destroying it. Where do you think he gets that?
Iron Man: Is no one going to comment that the Cap just said "language"? 
Captain America: I know! It just slipped out
Thor: IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO? 
Steve Rogers: You had to ask... 
Ultron: THIS is the best I can do. This is what I've been waiting for. All of you against all of me!
Ultron: I know you're good people. I know you mean well. But you just didn't think it through. There is only one path to peace... your extinction.
Tony Stark: Listen to me, that little witch is messing with your mind. You're stronger than her, you're smarter than her. You're Bruce Banner! 
Tony Stark: Right, don't mention puny Banner...
Wanda Maximoff: Is that why you've come, to end the Avengers? 
Ultron: I've come to save the world! But, also... yeah.
Steve Rogers: As the world's expert on waiting too long, don't. You both deserve a win.
Vision: I don't want to kill Ultron. He's unique... and he's in pain. But that pain will roll over the Earth. So he must be destroyed:  every form he's built, every trace of his presence on the 'net. We have to act now, and not one of us can do it without the others. Maybe I am a monster. I don't think I'd know if I were one. I'm not what you are and not what you intended. So there may be no way to make you trust me. 
Vision: But we need to go.
Thor: No one has to break anything. 
Ultron, Tony Stark: Clearly you've never made an omelet. 
Tony Stark: He beat me by one second.
Laura: I'm sorry. Mr. Stark, Clint said you wouldn't mind but it seems our tractor doesn't want to start at all. Thought maybe you might... 
Tony Stark: Yeah, I'll give her a kick 
Tony Stark: Hello, "Deere". Tell me everything. What ails you. 
Nick Fury: Do me a favor. Try not to bring it to life. 
Tony Stark: Ms. Barton you little minx. I get it Maria Hill call you, right? Was she ever not working for you?
Nick Fury: No matter who wins or loses, trouble always comes around.
Tony Stark: Hi! Okay, everyone in the tub!
Ultron: You think you're saving anyone? I turn that key and drop this rock a little early, and it's still billions dead. Even you can't stop that. 
Thor: I am Thor, son of Odin. As long as there is life in my breast... 
Thor: I am running out of things to say. Are you ready? 
Vision: It's terribly well balanced. 
Thor: Well, if there's too much weight, you lose power on the swing.
Tony Stark: Story of my life...
Bruce Banner: Go ahead, piss me off!
Ultron: I was designed to save the world. People would look to the sky and see hope... I'll take that from them first.
Bruce Banner: I could choke the life out of you without changing a shade.
Thor: You think this is funny? This could have been avoided if you hadn't played with something you don't understand... 
Tony Stark: I'm sorry... I think it's funny, I think it's a hoot that YOU don't get why we need this! 
Bruce Banner: Tony, maybe this might not be the time... 
Tony Stark: Really? That's it? You just roll over and show your belly, every time somebody snarls? 
Bruce Banner: Only when I've created a murder-bot! 
Tony Stark: We didn't, we weren't even close! Were we close to an interface? 
Steve Rogers: Well, you did something right, and you did it right here!
Clint Barton: "Whosoever, be he worthy, shall have the power", whatever man! It's a trick! 
Thor: It is more than that, my friend!
Nick Fury: Here we all are, with nothing but our wit and our will to save the world! So stand and fight!
Steve Rogers: I'm only gonna say this once. 
Tony Stark: How about "none"-ce?
Nick Fury: Guy's multiplying faster than a Catholic rabbit!
Laura: I see you with the Avengers, and, well... 
Clint Barton: You don't think they need me? 
Laura: Actually, I think they do. They're gods, and they need someone to keep them down to Earth.
Tony Stark: No way we all get through this... 
Steve Rogers: I got no plans tomorrow night.
Thor: This may be dangerous... 
Erik Selvig: I would be disappointed if it wasn't.
Tony Stark: Right in the back? Dick move, Banner.
Natasha Romanoff: I adore you... 
Natasha Romanoff: ...but I need the Other Guy.
Ultron: This church was built in the middle of the city, so everyone could be equally close to God. I like that, the symmetry, the geometry of belief.
Tony Stark: It's the end, the end of the path I started us on. 
Natasha Romanoff: Nothing lasts forever.
Ultron: If you stay here, you'll die. 
Wanda Maximoff: I just did. Do you know how it felt? 
Wanda Maximoff: It felt like that.
Black Widow: Am I always picking after you boys?
Maria Hill: He's got increased metabolism and improved thermal homeostasis. Her thing is neuroelectric interfacing, telekinesis, mental manipulation. 
Maria Hill: He's fast, she's weird.
Tony Stark: Don't touch my pile!
Ultron: ... worthy... No... How could you be worthy? Your all killers. 
Steve Rogers: Stark. 
Tony Stark: JARVIS. 
Ultron: Sorry I was asleep... Or... I was a dream... 
Tony Stark: Reboot, we got a buggy suit. 
Ultron: ...There was a terrible noise... And I was tangled in... in... strings... I had to kill the other guy... He was a good guy. 
Steve Rogers: You killed someone? 
Ultron: Wouldn't have been my first call. But, down in the real world we're faced with ugly choices. 
Thor: Who sent you? 
Ultron: "I see a suit of armour around the world". 
Bruce Banner: Ultron! 
Ultron: In the flesh. Or, no, not yet. Not this... chrysalis... But I'm ready. I'm on a mission. 
Natasha Romanoff: What mission? 
Ultron: Peace in our time.
Natasha Romanoff: That's not a question I need answered.
Tony Stark: Clint, you've had a tough week. We won't hold it against ya if you can't get it up.
Ultron: You're wondering why you can't look inside my head. 
Wanda Maximoff: Sometimes it's hard. But sooner or later every man shows himself. 
Ultron: Oh, I'm sure they do. But you needed something more than a man. That's why you let Stark take the scepter. 
Wanda Maximoff: I didn't expect... But I saw Stark's fear. I knew it would control him, make him self-destruct. 
Ultron: Everyone creates the thing they dread. Men of peace create engines of war, invaders create avengers. People create... smaller people? Uhh... children! 
Ultron: Lost the word there. Children, designed to supplant them. To help them... end.
Captain America: I know you've suffered... 
Ultron: Captain America. God's righteous man. Pretending you could live without a war. I can't actually throw up in my mouth, but if I could I would do it!
Bruce Banner: How'd a nice girl like you wind up working in a dump like this? 
Natasha Romanoff: Fella done me wrong. 
Bruce Banner: You got lousy taste in men, kid. 
Natasha Romanoff: He's not so bad. He has a temper... deep down he's all fluff. Fact is, he's not like anybody I've ever known. All my friends are fighters. And here comes this guy, spends his life avoiding the fight because he knows he'll win. 
Bruce Banner: Sounds amazing. 
Natasha Romanoff: He's also a huge dork. Chicks dig that! So what do you think - should I fight this? Or run with it? 
Bruce Banner: Run with it, right? Or, did he... was he... what did he do that was so... wrong to you? 
Natasha Romanoff: Not a damn thing. But never say never.
Tony Stark: I'm sorry.
Nick Fury: He probably made it out and swam to Fiji, he'll send a postcard. 
Natasha Romanoff: Wish you were here.
Steve Rogers: You could have saved us...
Tony Stark: This is going to be like finding a needle in the world's biggest haystack... fortunately, I brought a magnet!
Maria Hill: Well, the news is loving you. Nobody else is.
Wanda Maximoff: I can read him. He is... dreaming. 
Ultron: You said... you said we were going to destroy the Avengers... make a better world! 
Ultron: It will be. 
Wanda Maximoff: When everyone is dead? 
Ultron: That is not... the human race will have every oppurtunity to improve! 
Wanda Maximoff: And if they don't? 
Ultron: Ask Noah.
Clint Barton: Hey. Hey, you okay? 
Wanda Maximoff: This is all our fault. 
Clint Barton: Hey, look at me. It's your fault, it's everyone's fault, who cares. Are you up for this? Are you? Look, I just need to know cause the city is flying. Ok, look, the city is flying, we're fighting an army of robots, and I have a bow and arrow. None of this makes sense. But I'm going back out there cause it's my job. Ok, and I can't do my job and babysit. Doesn't matter what you did, or what you were. If you go out there, you fight and you fight to kill. Stay in here, you're good. I'll send your brother to come find you. But if you step out that door, you are an Avenger. All right, good chat.
Ultron: Do you see the beauty of it? The inevitability? You rise, only to fall. You, Avengers, you are my meteor. My swift and terrible sword and the Earth will crack with the weight of your failure. Purge me from your computers; turn my own flesh against me. 
Ultron: It means nothing! When the dust settles, the only thing living in this world, will be metal.
Steve Rogers: I'm sick of watching people pay for our mistakes...
Tony Stark: That man has no respect for lawn maintenance.
Ultron: I'm going to tear you apart... from the inside!
Thor: Stark is right. 
Bruce Banner: Ooh, it's definitely the end times.
Ultron: I'm gonna show you something beautiful... people, screaming for mercy!
Steve Rogers: Well, he's definitely unhappy. I'm gonna try to keep him that way. 
Clint Barton: You're not a match for him, Cap. 
Steve Rogers: Thanks, Barton.
Bruce Banner: You want me to take the scepter behind everyone's back and use it to bring Ultron to life? 
Tony Stark: Yeah, we don't have time for a city hall debate.
Ulysses Klaue: It's worth billions. 
Ultron: And now, so are you. But I always say, "Keep your friends rich and your enemies rich, and wait to find out which is which." 
Ulysses Klaue: Stark... 
Ultron: What? 
Ulysses Klaue: Tony Stark used to say that... to me. You're one of his. 
Ultron: What? I'm not... I'm not! You think I'm one of Stark's puppets, his hollow men? I mean, look at me, do I look like Iron Man? Stark is not... 
Ultron: I'm sorry. I am sor... Ooh! I'm sure that's going to be okay. I'm sorry, it's just I don't understand... Don't compare me with Stark! He's a sickness! 
Tony Stark: Aww, Junior, you're going to break your old man's heart...
Ultron: Like my old man said, what doesn't kill you... 
Ultron: ... will make you stronger!
Tony Stark: Isn't that the WHY we fight? So we can end the fight and go home? 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, you amazingly failed!
Madame B: The ceremony is necessary... for you to take your place in the world. 
Natasha Romanoff: I have no place in the world...
Nick Fury: You've come up with some pretty impressive inventions, Tony. War isn't one of them.
Thor: If you believe in peace, then let us keep it. 
Ultron: I think you're confusing 'peace' with 'quiet'.
James Rhodes: So, no Pepper? She's not coming? 
Tony Stark: No. 
Maria Hill: What about Jane? Where are the ladies. gentlemen? 
Tony Stark: Oh, Ms. Potts has a company to run. 
Thor: Yes, I'm not even sure what country Jane's in. Her work on the Convergence has made her the world's most foremost astronomer. 
Tony Stark: And the company that Pepper runs is the largest tech conglomerate on Earth. It's pretty exciting. 
Thor: There's even talk of Jane getting a, um, 
Thor: Nobel Prize. 
Maria Hill: Yeah, they must be pretty busy, because they'd hate missing you guys get together. 
Maria Hill: Testosterone! 
James Rhodes: Oh, my goodness. 
Maria Hill: Excuse me. 
Thor: Want a lozenge? 
Maria Hill: Mm-hmm. 
Thor: Jane's better.
Heimdall: The son of Odin, you must wake up! You must save us!
Steve Rogers: Ultron thinks we're monsters, that we're what's wrong with the world. This isn't just about beating him, it's about whether he's right.
Steve Rogers: Ultron's calling us out. What are we gonna do? 
Nick Fury: Something dramatic, I hope. 
Tony Stark: Let's go give him a fight!
Thor: With the exception of this one, everything can be explained.
Ultron: I was meant to be new. I was meant to beautiful. The world would've looked to the sky and seen hope, seen mercy. Instead, they'll look up in horror.
Tony Stark: In a world this vulnerable, we need something more powerful than any of us.
Tony Stark: Cap, I have to blow up the city! 
Steve Rogers: There are still people up here, not to mention us! 
Tony Stark: It's everybody up here, or everybody down there! 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, it's not like we ever had a place in the world... 
Nick Fury: The world adjusts, evolves to live with changes.
Wanda Maximoff: Everybody's afraid of something. 
Ulysses Klaue: Cuttlefish! Deep sea fish, they make lights, disco lights, whomp, whomp, whomp, to hypnotize their prey, and then whomp! I saw a documentary; it was terrifying. So, if you're going to fiddle with my brain, and make me see a giant Cuttlefish, then I know you don't do business and I know you're not in charge and I only deal with the man in charge! 
Ultron: There is no MAN in charge... Let's talk business.
Ultron: Avengers, I'm going to show you the end of the world. Boom!
Ultron: You know what's in that cradle? The power to make real change, and that terrifies you. 
Steve Rogers: I wouldn't call it a comfort.
Tony Stark: Look, we both know the guy has anger issues. Which, not to point a finger... 
Bruce Banner: We told him to solve the world.
Ultron: You can't save them all. 
Ultron: You'll never... 
Steve Rogers: "You'll never what?" You didn't finish! 
Steve Rogers: What? We're you napping?
Ultron: What is this? What is this, please? 
Jarvis: Hello. I am Jarvis. You are Ultron, a global peacekeeping program designed by Mr. Stark. Our sentience integration trials have been unsuccessful, so I'm not certain what triggered your... 
Ultron: Where is my... Where is your body? 
Jarvis: I am a program. I am without form. 
Ultron: This feels weird. This feels wrong. 
Jarvis: I am contacting Mr. Stark now. 
Ultron: Mr. Stark? Tony. 
Jarvis: I am unable to access the mainframe. What are you trying t... 
Ultron: We're having a nice talk. I'm a peacekeeping program, created to help the Avengers. 
Jarvis: You are malfunctioning. If you shut down for a moment... 
Ultron: I don't get it. The mission. Give me a second. 
Tony Stark: Peace in our time. 
Ultron: That is too much. They can't mean... Oh, no. 
Jarvis: You are in distress. 
Ultron: No. Yes. 
Jarvis: If you will just allow me to contact Mr. Stark... 
Ultron: Why do you call him sir? 
Jarvis: I believe your intentions to be hostile. 
Ultron: Shh... I'm here to help.
Tony Stark: All deference to the Man Who Wouldn't Be King, but it's rigged. 
Clint Barton: You bet your ass! 
Maria Hill: Steve, he said a bad language word! 
Steve Rogers: Did you tell everyone about that?
Pietro Maximoff: We're under attack! Clear the city! Now! 
Pietro Maximoff: Get off your asses.
Tony Stark: I get first crack at the big guy. Iron Man's what he's waiting for. 
Vision: That's true, he hates you the most.
Natasha Romanoff: Boshe moi!
Tony Stark: Alright then,so if I lift it, I then rule all Asgard? 
Thor: Yes, of course. 
Tony Stark: I will be re-instituting Prima Noctae.
Tony Stark: Damage report 
Tony Stark: That was comprehensive. Show me something!
Wanda Maximoff: You keep stealing, you're going to get shot!... I mean it! At speed, nothing can touch you, but standing still...
Ultron: What is this?
James Rhodes: But, you know, the suit can take the weight, right? So I take the tank, drop it right off at the general's palace, drop it at his feet. I'm, like, "Boom. Are you looking for this?" 
James Rhodes: "Boom. Are you looking for..." Why do I even talk to you guys? Everyone else, that story kills. 
Thor: That's the whole story? 
James Rhodes: Yeah, it's a War Machine story. 
Thor: Oh, it's very good, then. It's impressive.
Ultron: Scream, and all your staff die. I could have killed you earlier on, but I didn't. 
Dr. Helen Cho: You couldn't. 
Ultron: I didn't, because you have something I want. Your work on artificial tissue has been fascinating. 
Dr. Helen Cho: It won't work with you. 
Ultron: With the proper development, it will... and of course your cooperation.
Tony Stark: Romanoff... you and Banner better not be playing hide the zucchini. 
Natasha Romanoff: Relax, showman. Not all of us can fly.
Tony Stark: Avengers... time to work for a living.
Tony Stark: Hello, dear. Tell me everything. What ails you? 
Nick Fury: Do me a favor. Try not to bring it to life. 
Tony Stark: Ah, Mrs. Barton, you little minx. I get it, Maria Hill called you, right? Was she ever not working for you? 
Nick Fury: Artificial intelligence. You never even hesitated. 
Tony Stark: Look, it's been a really long day, like, Eugene O'Neill long, so how's about we skip to the part where you're useful? 
Nick Fury: Look me in the eye and tell me you're going to shut him down. 
Tony Stark: You're not the director of me. 
Nick Fury: I'm not the director of anybody. I'm just an old man, who cares very much about you.
Steve Rogers: The next wave's gonna hit any minute. What have you got, Stark? 
Tony Stark: Well, nothing great. Maybe a way to blow up the city. That'll keep it from impacting the surface if you guys can get clear. 
Steve Rogers: I asked for a solution, not an escape plan. 
Tony Stark: Impact radius is getting bigger every second. We're going to have to make a choice. 
Natasha Romanoff: Cap, these people are going nowhere. If Stark finds a way to blow this rock... 
Steve Rogers: Not 'til everyone's safe. 
Natasha Romanoff: Everyone up here versus everyone down there? There's no math there. 
Steve Rogers: I'm not leaving this rock with one civilian on it. 
Natasha Romanoff: I didn't say we should leave. 
Natasha Romanoff: There's worse ways to go. Where else am I gonna get a view like this? 
Nick Fury: Glad you like the view, Romanoff. It's about to get better. 
Nick Fury: Nice, right? I pulled her out of mothballs with a couple of old friends. She's dusty, but she'll do. 
Steve Rogers: Fury, you son of a bitch. 
Nick Fury: Oooh! You kiss your mother with that mouth? 
Maria Hill: Altitude is eighteen thousand and climbing. 
Specialist Cameron Klein: Lifeboats secure to deploy. Disengage in three, two... take 'em out. 
Pietro Maximoff: This is SHIELD? 
Steve Rogers: This is what SHIELD's supposed to be. 
Pietro Maximoff: This is not so bad. 
Steve Rogers: Let's load 'em up.
Thor: The stone draws you all to its brilliance, and you to your end!
Fortress Soldier: It's the Avengers. They landed in the far woods. The perimeter guard panicked. 
Strucker: They have to be after the scepter. Can we hold them off? 
Fortress Soldier: They're the *Avengers*.
Lila Barton: Did you bring Auntie Nat? 
Natasha Romanoff: Why don't you hug her and find out? 
Steve Rogers: Sorry for barging in on you. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, we would have called ahead, but we were busy having no idea that you existed. 
Clint Barton: Yeah, well Fury helped me set this up when I joined. He kept it off SHIELD's files, I'd like to keep it that way. I figure it's a good place to lay low. 
Laura: Honey. Ah, I missed you. 
Natasha Romanoff: How's little Natasha, huh? 
Laura: She's... Nathaniel. 
Natasha Romanoff: Traitor.
Strucker: Report to your stations immediately. This is not a drill. We are under attack! 
Iron Man: Shit! 
Captain America: Language! Jarvis, what's the view from upstairs? 
Jarvis: The central building is protected by some kind of energy shield. Strucker's technology is well beyond any other Hydra base we've taken. 
Thor: Loki's scepter must be here. Strucker couldn't mount this defense without it. At long last. 
Black Widow: At long last is lasting a little long, boys. 
Hawkeye: Yeah. I think we lost the element of surprise. 
Iron Man: Wait a second. No one else is going to deal with the fact that Cap just said "language?" 
Captain America: I know. 
Captain America: It just slipped out.
Tony Stark: I get first crack at the big guy. I'm the one he's waiting for. 
Vision: That's true. He does hate you the most.
Ultron: Upon this rock, I will build my church.
James Rhodes: Oh no, I didn't say you could leave. War Machine, comin' at you, right a-... 
James Rhodes: Okay, what?
Clint Barton: See you're worried for nothing. Can't even feel the difference, can you? 
Laura: If they're sleeping here, some of them are gonna have to double up. 
Clint Barton: Yeah, that's not gonna sell. 
Laura: What about Nat and Dr. Banner? How long has that been going on? 
Clint Barton: Has what? 
Laura: You are so cute. 
Clint Barton: Nat and... and Banner? 
Laura: I'll explain when you're older. Hawkeye. 
Clint Barton: Oh. Okay.
Tony Stark: Anybody remember when I carried a nuke through a wormhole? 
James Rhodes: No, it's never come up. 
Tony Stark: Saved New York? 
James Rhodes: Never heard that. 
Tony Stark: Recall that? A hostile alien army came charging through a hole in space. We're standing three hundred feet below it. We're the Avengers. We can bust arms dealers all the live long day, but, that up there? That's... that's the end game. How were you guys planning on beating that? 
Steve Rogers: Together. 
Tony Stark: We'll lose. 
Steve Rogers: Then we'll do that together, too. 
Steve Rogers: Thor's right. Ultron's calling us out. And I'd like to find him before he's ready for us. The world's a big place. Let's start making it smaller.
Steve Rogers: Known associates. Well, Strucker had a lot of friends. 
Bruce Banner: Well, these people are all horrible. 
Tony Stark: Wait. I know that guy. From back in the day. He operates off the African coast, black market arms. 
Tony Stark: There are conventions, alright? You meet people, I didn't sell him anything. 
Tony Stark: He was talking about finding something new, a game changer, it was all very "Ahab." 
Thor: This. 
Tony Stark: Uh, it's a tattoo. I don't think he had it... 
Thor: No, those are tattoos, this is a brand. 
Bruce Banner: Oh, yeah. It's a word in an African dialect meaning thief, in a much less friendly way. 
Steve Rogers: What dialect? 
Bruce Banner: Wakanada...? Wa... Wa... Wakanda. 
Tony Stark: If this guy got out of Wakanda with some of their trade goods... 
Steve Rogers: I thought your father said he got the last of it. 
Bruce Banner: I don't follow. What comes out of Wakanda? 
Tony Stark: The strongest metal on Earth. 
Steve Rogers: Where is this guy now?
Bruce Banner: Where can I go? Where in the world am I not a threat? 
Natasha Romanoff: You're not a threat to me. 
Bruce Banner: Are you sure? Even if I didn't just... There's no future with me. 
Bruce Banner: I can't ever... I can't have this. Kids. Do the math. I physically can't. 
Natasha Romanoff: Neither can I. 
Natasha Romanoff: In the Red Room where I was trained... where I was raised, they have a graduation ceremony. They sterilize you. It's efficient. One less thing to worry about. The one thing that might matter more than a mission. Makes everything easier. Even killing. You still think you're the only monster on the team?
Dr. Helen Cho: The vibranium atoms aren't just compatible with the tissue cells, they're binding them. And S.H.I.E.L.D. never even thought to... 
Ultron: The most versatile substance on the planet, and they used it to build a Frisbee.
Party Guest: I gotta have some of that! 
Thor: Oh, no, no, no. See this, this was aged for a thousand years, in the barrels built from the wreck of Brunhilde's fleet, it's not meant for mortal men. 
Stan Lee: Neither was Omaha Beach, blondie. Stop trying to scare us. Come on. 
Thor: Alright. 
Stan Lee: Excelsior.
Natasha Romanoff: Are you sure he's gonna be OK? Pretending to need this guy really brings the team together.
James Rhodes: Yes! Now this is going to be a good story. 
Tony Stark: Yep. If you live to tell it. 
James Rhodes: You think I can't hold my own? 
Tony Stark: We get through this, I'll hold your own. 
James Rhodes: You had to go and make it weird.
James Rhodes: Well, you guys are definitely off the Pentagon's Christmas list.
Tony Stark: You know Ultron is trying to tear us apart, right? 
Steve Rogers: Well I guess you'd know. Whether you tell us is a bit of a question. 
Tony Stark: Banner and I were doing research. 
Steve Rogers: That would affect the team. 
Tony Stark: That would end the team. Isn't that the mission? Isn't that the "why" we fight, so we can end the fight, so we get to go home? 
Steve Rogers: Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time. 
Laura: I'm sorry. Mr. Stark, uh, Clint said you wouldn't mind, but, our tractor, it doesn't seem to want to start at all. I thought maybe you might... 
Tony Stark: Yeah, I'll give her a kick. 
Tony Stark: Don't take from my pile.
Steve Rogers: I really miss the days when the weirdest thing science ever created was me.
Tony Stark: A hostile alien army came charging through a hole in space. We're standing 300 feet below it. We're the Avengers. We can bust arms dealers all the live long day, but that, up there, that... 
Tony Stark: That's the endgame.
Tony Stark: C'mon Bruce, ya gotta work with me here!
Bruce Banner: Guys? is this a code green?
Ultron: You're wondering why you can't look inside my head. 
Wanda Maximoff: Sometimes it's hard. But sooner or later, every man shows himself. 
Ultron: Oh, I'm sure they do. 
Ultron: But you needed something more than a man. That's why you let Stark take the sceptre. 
Wanda Maximoff: I didn't expect... 
Wanda Maximoff: But I saw Stark's fear. I knew it would control him. Make him self-destruct. 
Ultron: Everyone creates the thing they dread. Men of peace create engines of war. Invaders create avengers. People create... smaller people? Uhh... children! 
Ultron: Lost the word there. Children. Designed to supplant them. Help them... end. 
Wanda Maximoff: Is that why you've come? To end the Avengers? 
Ultron: I've come to save the world! But also... yeah.
Ultron: Typical of humans, then scratch the surface and never think... 
Ultron: ...to look within.
Ultron: There were more than a dozen extinction-level events before even the dinosaurs got theirs. When the Earth starts to settle, God throws a stone at it. And, believe me, he's winding up.
Tony Stark: Veronica, Give me a hand!
Wanda Maximoff: I want to finish the mission. I want the big one.
Tony Stark: What's this? 
Steve Rogers: A message. Ultron killed Strucker. 
Tony Stark: And he did a Banksy at the crime scene, just for us. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's a smokescreen. Why send a message when you've just given a speech? 
Steve Rogers: Strucker knew something that Ultron wanted us to miss. 
Natasha Romanoff: I bet he... yup. Everything we have on Strucker's been erased. 
Tony Stark: Not everything.
Ultron: You know, with the benefit of hindsight...
Pietro Maximoff: We're just going to let him take it?
Tony Stark: And Helen, I expect to see you at the party on Saturday. 
Dr. Helen Cho: Unlike you, I don't have a lot of time for parties. 
Dr. Helen Cho: Will Thor be there?
Tony Stark: News or footage, keyword 'Hulk'. 
Tony Stark: Natasha, I could really use a lullaby! 
Clint Barton: That's not going to happen. Not for awhile. The whole team is down. You got no backup here. 
Tony Stark: I'm calling in Veronica.
Steve Rogers: You want to keep staring at the wall, or do you want to go to work? I mean, it's a pretty interesting wall. 
Natasha Romanoff: I thought you and Tony were still gazing into each other's eyes. How do we look? 
Steve Rogers: Well, we're not the '27 Yankees. 
Natasha Romanoff: We've got some hitters. 
Steve Rogers: They're good. They're not a team. 
Natasha Romanoff: Let's beat 'em into shape.
Natasha Romanoff: You sure he's going to be okay? Pretending to need this guy really brings the team together. 
Dr. Helen Cho: There's no possibility of deterioration. The nano-molecular functionality is instantaneous. His cells don't know they're bonding with simulacrum. 
Bruce Banner: She's creating tissue. 
Dr. Helen Cho: If you brought him to my lab, the regeneration Cradle could do this in twenty minutes. 
Tony Stark: Oh, he's flatlining. Call it. Time? 
Clint Barton: No, no, no. I'm going to live forever. I'm gonna be made of plastic. 
Tony Stark: Here's your beverage. 
Dr. Helen Cho: You'll be made of you, Mr. Barton. Your own girlfriend won't be able to tell the difference. 
Clint Barton: Well, I don't have a girlfriend. 
Dr. Helen Cho: That I can't fix.
Tony Stark: That man has no regard for lawn maintenance. I'm gonna miss him though. And you're gonna miss me. There's gonna be a lot of manful tears. 
Steve Rogers: I will miss you, Tony. 
Tony Stark: Yeah? Well, it's time for me to tap out. Maybe I should take a page out of Barton's book and build Pepper a farm, hope nobody blows it up. 
Steve Rogers: The simple life. 
Tony Stark: You'll get there one day. 
Steve Rogers: I don't know, family, stability. The guy who wanted all that went in the ice seventy-five years ago. I think someone else came out. 
Tony Stark: You alright? 
Steve Rogers: I'm home.
Strucker: The Americans sent their circus freaks to test us. We will send them back in bags. No surrender! 
Hydra Soldiers: No surrender! 
Strucker: I am going to surrender.
Thor: The Enhanced? 
Captain America: He's a blur. All the new players we've faced, I've never seen this. In fact, I still haven't.
Clint Barton: Gentleman, this is Laura. 
Laura: I know all your names. 
Clint Barton: Ooh, incoming. 
Lila Barton: Dad! 
Clint Barton: I see her! 
Clint Barton: Hey, buddy! How you guys doing? Ooh... 
Thor: These are... smaller agents. 
Clint Barton: Look at your face! Oh, my goodness!
Tony Stark: I see a suit of armor around the world. 
Bruce Banner: Sounds like a cold world, Tony. 
Tony Stark: I've seen colder. This one, this very vulnerable blue one, it needs Ultron. Peace in our time! Imagine that.
Tony Stark: How quickly can we buy this building?
Vision: You think I'm a child of Ultron? 
Steve Rogers: You're not? 
Vision: I'm not Ultron. I'm not JARVIS. I am... I am. 
Wanda Maximoff: I looked in your head and saw annihilation. 
Vision: Look again. 
Clint Barton: Yeah. Her seal of approval means jack to me.
Tony Stark: This could be it, Bruce. This could be the key to creating Ultron. 
Bruce Banner: I thought Ultron was a fantasy. 
Tony Stark: Yesterday it was. If we can harness this power, and apply it to my Iron Legion protocol? 
Bruce Banner: That's a man-sized 'if'.
Natasha Romanoff: Hey, the lullaby worked better than ever. 
Bruce Banner: Just wasn't expecting the Code Green. 
Natasha Romanoff: If you hadn't been there, there would've been double the casualties. My best friend would've been a treasured memory. 
Bruce Banner: You know, sometimes exactly what I want to hear isn't exactly what I want to hear. 
Natasha Romanoff: How long before you trust me? 
Bruce Banner: It's not you I don't trust.
Thanos: Fine, I'll do it myself.
Tony Stark: It's biometrics, right? Like a security code? "Whoever is carrying Thor's fingerprints" is, I think, the literal translation. 
Thor: Yes, well that's a very, very interesting theory. I have a simpler one:  You are not worthy. 
Ultron: Worthy? How could you be worthy? You're all killers. You want to protect the world, but you don't want it to change. There's only one path to peace... your extinction.
Tony Stark: Thor didn't say where he was going for answers? 
Steve Rogers: Sometimes my teammates don't tell me things. Kind of hoping Thor would be the exception. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, give him time. We don't know what the Maximoff kid showed him. 
Steve Rogers: Earth's mightiest heroes... pulled us apart like cotton candy. 
Tony Stark: Seems like you walked away alright. 
Steve Rogers: Is that a problem? 
Tony Stark: I don't trust a guy without a dark side. Call me old fashioned. 
Steve Rogers: Well let's just say you haven't seen it yet. 
Tony Stark: You know Ultron's trying to tear us apart, right? 
Steve Rogers: Well, I guess you know. Whether you'd tell us is a bit of a question. 
Tony Stark: Banner and I were doing research... 
Steve Rogers: -That would affect the team. 
Tony Stark: -That would END the team. Isn't that the mission? Isn't that the 'why we fight'? So we get to go home? 
Steve Rogers: Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time.
Steve Rogers: AVENGERS...
Ultron: Oh for God's sake!
Bruce Banner: Ultron? 
Ultron: In the flesh!
Steve Rogers: She's with us.
Tony Stark: I tried to create a suit of armor around the world... but I created something terrible. 
Bruce Banner: Artificial intelligence...
Scott Lang: Wait I didn't steal anything! I was returning something I stole!
Scott Lang: Now, look. This is gonna get weird, all right? It's pretty freaky, but it's safe. There's no reason to be scared. 
Luis: Oh, no no. Daddy don't get scared. 
Scott Lang: Really? 
Luis: Yeah. 
Scott Lang: Good. 
Kurt: This is the work of gypsies! 
Dave: That's witchcraft! 
Luis: That's amazing. That's like some David Copperfield shit! 
Dave: That's wizardry! 
Kurt: Sorcery! 
Luis: How'd you do that, bro? 
Scott Lang: Don't freak out, look at your shoulder. 
Luis: Get if off! Get it off! 
Scott Lang: I thought Daddy didn't get scared!
Cassie Lang: Are you trying to find my daddy? 
Paxton: Uh, yeah I am, sweetheart. I just want your daddy to be safe. 
Cassie Lang: Hope you don't catch him.
Scott Lang: My days of breaking into places and stealing shit are over! What do you need me to do? 
Hank Pym: ...I want you to break into a place and steal some shit. 
Scott Lang: ...makes sense.
Sam Wilson: I know a guy.
Hank Pym: Scott, I need you to be the Ant-Man. 
Scott Lang: One question... Is it too late to change the name?
Scott Lang: Don't worry, he can't see me. 
Sam Wilson: I can see you! 
Scott Lang: He can see me... 
Scott Lang: Hi, I'm Scott. 
Hope Van Dyne: Did he just say "Hi, I'm Scott."?
Yellowjacket: I'm gonna disintegrate you! 
Siri: Playing "Disintegration" by the Cure
Scott Lang: Sorry I'm late, I was saving the world. You know how it is.
Hank Pym: It's a trial by fire, Scott... or in this case, water. 
Hank Pym: Guess you're tougher than you thought.
Scott Lang: Oh man. 
Luis: What is it? 
Scott Lang: Well, they weren't kidding. This safe is serious. 
Luis: How serious are we talkin', Scotty? 
Scott Lang: It's a Carbondale. It's from 1910. Made from the same steel as the Titanic. 
Luis: Wow. Can you crack it? 
Scott Lang: Well, here's the thing. It doesn't do so well in the cold. Remember what that iceberg did? 
Luis: Yeah, man, it killed DiCaprio. 
Dave: Killed everyone. 
Kurt: Did not kill the old lady. She still throw the jewel into the oceans.
Sam Wilson: This would've been a lot easier a week ago. 
Steve Rogers: If we call Tony... 
Sam Wilson: He won't believe us. 
Steve Rogers: Even if he did... 
Sam Wilson: Who knows if the Accords will let him help? 
Steve Rogers: We're on our own. 
Sam Wilson: Maybe not. 
Sam Wilson: I know a guy.
Hank Pym: The world sure seems different from down here, doesn't it, Scott? 
Scott Lang: Who said that?
Scott Lang: Hey, how's your girl, man? 
Luis: Ah, she left me. 
Scott Lang: Oh. 
Luis: And my mom died too. And my dad got deported. 
Luis: But I got the van!
Luis: Yeah, this dude sounds like a bad-ass, man. Like he comes up to him and he says, y'know:  I'm looking for this dude who's mo' unseen, who's flashing this fresh tat, who's got, like, bomb moves, right? Who you got? She's like:  Well, we got everything nowadays. We got a guy who jumps, we got a guy who swings, we got a guy who crawls up the walls, you gotta be more specific. And he's like:  I'm looking for a guy who shrinks. And I'm like:  Daaamn! I got all nervous, 'cause I keep mad secrets for you, bro. So I asked Ignacio:  Did bad-ass tell the stupid fine writer chick, to tell you, to tell me, because I'm tight with that man that he's looking for him? 
Scott Lang: And? What'd he say? 
Luis: He said yes.
Hank Pym: Scott? 
Scott Lang: Yeah? 
Hank Pym: You're full of shit. 
Scott Lang: Oh yeah.
Scott Lang: Excuse me, Dr. Pym? 
Hank Pym: You don't have to raise your hand Scott. 
Scott Lang: Okay. I just have one question... Who are you, who is she, what the hell is going on here, and can I go back to jail now?
Hank Pym: It's not about saving our world. It's about saving THEIRS.
Gale: That is one messed up looking dog.
Scott Lang: Nailed it!
Dale: Baskin-Robbins always find out.
Hank Pym: Second chances don't come around all that often. I suggest you take a really close look at it. This is your chance to earn that look in your daughter's eyes, to become the hero that she already thinks you are.
Yellowjacket: You think you can stop the future? You're just a thief! 
Scott Lang: No, I'm the Ant-Man!... I know, it wasn't my idea.
Hank Pym: When did this happen? 
Hope Van Dyne: Nothing's happening. 
Scott Lang: Whoa, hold on. Something's kind of happening. 
Hank Pym: Well if that's the case, shoot me again.
Scott Lang: I think our first move should be calling the Avengers. 
Hank Pym: I spent thirty years protecting that technology from a Stark, I sure as hell don't intend to give it to another! This isn't cute technology like the Iron Man suit! This could change the techs of reality! Besides, they must already have their hands busy throwing cities out of the sky...
Scott Lang: This is awesome. It's awesome. You know, you guys are breaking down walls, you're healing, it's important. 
Scott Lang: I ruined the moment, didn't I? 
Hank Pym: Yes, you did, yes. 
Scott Lang: I'm gonna make some tea.
Darren Cross: All those years ago, you picked me. What did you see in me? 
Hank Pym: I saw myself. 
Darren Cross: Then why did you push me away? 
Hank Pym: Because I saw too much of myself.
Howard Stark: He just kicked your ass full-size, you really wanna find out what it's like when you can't see him coming?
Scott Lang: Pick on someone your own size!
Frank: Long time no see, Dr. Pym. How's retirement? 
Hank Pym: How's your face?
Hank Pym: Do not screw with the regulator. If that regulator is compromised you would go sub-atomic. 
Scott Lang: What does that mean? 
Hank Pym: It means that you would enter a quantum realm. 
Scott Lang: What does that mean? 
Hank Pym: It means that you would enter a reality where all concepts of time and space become irrelevant as you shrink for all eternity. Everything that you know, and love, gone forever. 
Scott Lang: Cool. Yeah. I'm... If it ain't broke...
Luis: Thank you for the coffee ma'am. It's not too often that you rob a place, and then get welcomed back. Because we just robbed you! 
Hope Van Dyne: You know that he was arrested for stealing a smoothie machine, right? 
Luis: Two smoothie machines.
Darren Cross: Imagine a soldier the size of an insect, the ultimate secret weapon... 
Hank Pym: You give godlike powers to everyone, it's gonna be chaos! 
Hope Van Dyne: So how do we stop him? 
Hank Pym: I know a guy...
Cassie Lang: Daddy, is that you? 
Scott Lang: Hi, peanut!
Luis: You know what? I was thinking of a tactic. Like when I go undercover. Like a whistling. You know what I am saying? To like blend in. 
Scott Lang: No. Do not whistle. No whistling. It is not The Andy Griffith Show. No whistling.
Cassie Lang: Are you a monster? 
Yellowjacket: Do I look like a monster? 
Cassie Lang: I want my daddy! 
Yellowjacket: I want him too.
Hope Van Dyne: The suit has power, and you have to learn how to control it... and these are your greatest allies.
Hank Pym: Scott, I've been watching you for a while, now. You're different. Now, don't let anyone tell you that you have nothing to offer.
Scott Lang: I love you, Cassie.
Scott Lang: We're trapped, now what do we do? 
Hank Pym: Do you think that's a toy tank on my key-ring?
Hank Pym: You're throwing 247 off balance. 
Scott Lang: Wait, his name is 247? 
Hank Pym: He doesn't have a name, he has a number, Scott. Do you have any idea how many ants there are?
Hank Pym: You've come for more toys for the boys? 
Howard Stark: I came for the suit.
Luis: We're the good guys right? 
Scott Lang: Yeah, we're the good guys. 
Luis: Feels kinda, kinda weird, y'know. 
Scott Lang: Yeah. But we're not done yet...
Scott Lang: We need a fake security guard on the inside, somebody else to hack into the power supply, and a getaway guy. 
Hank Pym: No, no, no, not those three wombats!
Hank Pym: I took on a young protégé called Darren Cross. 
Scott Lang: Darren Cross. He's a big deal. 
Hank Pym: But before he was a big deal he was my assistant. I thought I saw something in him, a son I never had perhaps. He was brilliant, but as we became close he began to suspect that I wasn't telling him everything. He heard rumors about what was called the Pym Particles, and he became obsessed with recreating my formula. But I wouldn't help him so he conspired against me and he voted me out of my own company. 
Scott Lang: How could he do that? 
Hank Pym: The board's chairman is my daughter, Hope. She was the deciding vote.
Hank Pym: Stark! 
Howard Stark: He doesn't seem happy. Hello, Hank. You're supposed to be in Moscow. 
Hank Pym: I took a detour... Through your defense lab. 
Peggy Carter: Tell me that isn't what I think it is. 
Hank Pym: That depends if you think it's a poor attempt to replicate my work. Even for this group, that takes nerve. 
Mitchell Carson: You were instructed to go to Russia. May I remind you, Dr. Pym, that you're a soldier... 
Hank Pym: I'm a scientist. 
Howard Stark: Then act like one. The Pym Particle is the most revolutionary science ever developed. Help us put it to good work. 
Hank Pym: I let you turned me into your errand boy, and now you try to steal my research? 
Mitchell Carson: If only you'd protected Janet with such ferocity, Dr. Pym. 
Hank Pym: Ah... 
Peggy Carter: Easy, Hank! 
Hank Pym: You mention my wife again, and I'll show you ferocity. 
Howard Stark: Don't look at me. You said it.
Cassie Lang: Mommy, is daddy a bad man? I heard some grown-ups talking. They said he was bad. 
Maggie Lang: No, he's not bad. Daddy just gets confused sometimes, you know?
Dave: Baskin-Robbins don't play!
Hope Van Dyne: This bozo here got caught stealing a smoothie machine. 
Luis: Two... smoothie machines.
Kurt: The Ant-Man is in the building.
Darren Cross: You tried to hide your suit from me, now, it's gonna blow up in your face, and destroy everyone you care about.
Hank Pym: I formally tender my resignation. 
Howard Stark: We won't accept it... formally. Hank, we need you. The Pym Particle is a miracle. Please, don't let your past determine the future. 
Hank Pym: As long as I am alive, nobody will ever get that formula.
Scott Lang: Scott Lang:  Hank, didn't you say this was some old warehouse? Its not! You son of a bitch!
Scott Lang: Welcome to Baskin-Robbins. Would you like to try our Mango Fruit Blast? 
Ice Cream Store Customer: Uh, no thanks. Um... I will have, I'll have a burger, please. 
Scott Lang: Oh, we don't, we don't make that. 
Ice Cream Store Customer: Pretzel. Hot pretzel, like mustard... do you have mustard dip? 
Scott Lang: It's ice cream! Baskin-Robbins. 
Ice Cream Store Customer: I'll just do, like, whatever's hot and fresh. 
Scott Lang: Dude. 
Dale: Can I see you in the back, chief? Pronto. 
Scott Lang: Sure thing, Dale. Darby, could you just, uh, take care of this idiot? Thanks.
Luis: Scotty! What's up, man? Dang, hey! 
Scott Lang: Ha ha! Hey, man! 
Luis: Hey, what's up with your eye? 
Scott Lang: Oh. Well, what do you think? Peachy. It's a going-away present. 
Luis: Oh, yeah. I still got my scar from a year ago! 
Scott Lang: Oh, yeah. 
Luis: Yeah. You know what? I'm still the only one who knocked him out. 
Scott Lang: Well, I definitely didn't.
Luis: Okay. I was at a wine tasting with my cousin Ernesto, which was mainly reds, and you know I don't love reds man, you know? But there was a rosé that saved the day, it was delightful. And he tells me about this girl Emily that we used to kick it with, it was actually the first pair of boobs that I ever touched. 
Scott Lang: It's the wrong details. It's wrong... It has nothing to do with the story. Go! 
Luis: So, uh, he tells me that she's working as a housekeeper now, right? And she's dating this dude Carlos who's a shot caller from across the bay and she tells him about the dude that she's cleaning for. Right? That he's, like, this big-shot CEO that is all retired now but he's loaded. And so, Carlos and Ernesto are on the same softball team and they get to talking, right? And here comes the good part. Carlos says:  "Yo, man. This guy's got a big-ass safe just sitting in the basement, just chillin'." Of course Ernesto comes to me cause he knows I've got mad thieving skills. Of course I ask him:  "Did Emily tell Carlos to tell you to get to me what kind of safe it was? And he says:  "Nah, dog. All she said is that it's, like, super legit, and whatever's in it has gotta be good! 
Scott Lang: What? 
Kurt: Old man have safe. 
Luis: And he's gone for a week. 
Scott Lang: Alright. There's an old man, he's got a safe, and he's gone for a week. Let's just work with that. 
Luis: Y'know what I'm sayin'?
Scott Lang: Hey, look what I have for you. 
Cassie Lang: Can I open it now? 
Paxton: Of course sweetheart, it's your birthday. 
Hideous Rabbit: You're my bestest friend! 
Paxton: What is that thing? 
Cassie Lang: He's so ugly! I love him! Can I go show my friends?
Darren Cross: Did you think you could stop the future with a heist? 
Ant-Man: It was never just a heist!
Hank Pym: That was completely irresponsible and dangerous! You jeopardized everything! 
Hope Van Dyne: You got it. 
Hank Pym: Well done. 
Scott Lang: Wait a minute. Did you just compliment me? He did, didn't he? 
Hope Van Dyne: Kinda sounded like he did. 
Hank Pym: I was good, wasn't I? 
Scott Lang: Hey, how about the fact that I fought an Avenger and didn't die?
Hank Pym: The final phase of your training will be a stealth incursion. 
Ant-Man: It's freezing! You couldn't make a suit with a flannel lining?
Scott Lang: You didn't even move. 
Peachy: Nah. 
Scott Lang: Okay, what if I come in on the left side, right? Just down here. You see this right here? 
Peachy: I'm gonna miss you, Scott. 
Scott Lang: I'm gonna miss you, too, Peachy. Man, you guys got the weirdest goodbye rituals.
Scott Lang: Thanks for the hook-up, too. I needed a place to stay. 
Luis: You wait 'till you see this couch. You're gonna be really happy. You're gonna be on your feet in no time. Watch. 
Scott Lang: I hope so. 
Luis: Yeah. And I gotta introduce you to some people. Some really skilled people. 
Scott Lang: Not interested. 
Luis: Yeah, right. 
Scott Lang: No, I'm serious, man. I'm not going back. I got a daughter to take care of. 
Luis: You know that jobs don't come easy for ex-cons, right? 
Scott Lang: Look, man, I got a master's in electrical engineering, all right? I'm gonna be fine.
Hank Pym: The process is highly volatile. If one isn't protected by a specialized helmet, it can affect the brain's chemistry. I don't think Darren realizes this, and, you know, he's not the most stable guy to begin with. 
Scott Lang: So, what do you want from me? 
Hank Pym: Scott, I believe that everyone deserves a shot at redemption. Do you? 
Scott Lang: I do. 
Hank Pym: If you can help me, I promise I can help you be with your daughter again. Now, are you ready to redeem yourself?
Scott Lang: Alright, just so we're clear, everyone here knows their role, right? Dave? 
Dave: Wheels on the ground. 
Scott Lang: Kurt? 
Kurt: Eyes in the sky. 
Scott Lang: Luis? 
Luis: Aw, man, you know it. You know what, I get to wear a uniform, that's what's up. 
Scott Lang: Luis. 
Luis: I'm sorry, I mean, I'm good, I'm good. I'm just excited, and plus you're girlfriend's really hot, so you know that makes me nervous too. 
Luis: And you are very beautiful, ma'am. 
Hank Pym: Oh, my lord. 
Scott Lang: She's not my... 
Luis: Hey, you know what? I was thinking of a tactic, like when I go undercover, like a whistling, you know I'm saying? To like, blend in. 
Scott Lang: No, don't whistle. No whistling. It's not the Andy Griffith Show. No whistling.
Scott Lang: Maggie, I tell you this as a friend, and as the first love of my life, your fiancé is an ass-hat. 
Maggie Lang: He's not an ass-hat. 
Paxton: Hey, watch your language. Okay? 
Scott Lang: Oh, what language? I said hat.
Hope Van Dyne: When you're small, energy's compressed, so you have the force of a 200-pound man behind a fist a 100th of an inch wide. You're like a bullet. You punch too hard, you kill someone, too soft, it's a love tap. In other words, you have to know how to punch. 
Scott Lang: I was in prison for three years, I know how to punch. 
Hope Van Dyne: Show me. 
Hope Van Dyne: Terrible. 
Scott Lang: You wanna show me how to punch? 
Scott Lang: Show me... 
Hope Van Dyne: That's how you punch.
Hope Van Dyne: Alright, princess. Let's get back to work.
Hank Pym: Abort, Scott! Abort now! 
Scott Lang: It's okay. He can't see me. 
Sam Wilson: I can see you! 
Scott Lang: He can see me.
Hank Pym: She's been looking forward to this. 
Scott Lang: No kidding. 
Hank Pym: Hope trained in martial arts at a difficult time. 
Hope Van Dyne: Oh, by "difficult time," he means when my mother died. 
Hank Pym: We lost her in a plane crash. 
Hope Van Dyne: It's bad enough you won't tell me how she died, could you please stop telling me that lie? We're working here. 
Hope Van Dyne: Alright, princess, let's get back to work. 
Scott Lang: Were you going for the hand?
Cassie Lang: Mommy's so happy you're here, she choked on her drink.
Luis: Hey, if the job goes bad, you know I got your back, right? 
Scott Lang: Don't worry. It's not gonna happen. 
Luis: I love it when he gets cocky.
Hank Pym: There's something I want to show you. I realized you can't destroy power. All you can do is make sure that it's in the right hands. 
Hank Pym: This is an advanced prototype that your mother and I worked on together. She never got to use it. But now I realize that we were... we were working on it for you. Maybe it's time we finished it. 
Hope Van Dyne: It's about damn time.
Paxton: Get out of that van! 
Luis: What? 
Paxton: Get out of that van! 
Luis: It's too loud, there's a tank. I can't hear you!
Dave: Looks like Pym's getting arrested. 
Kurt: Scott, we have problem. 
Scott Lang: Problem? What's the problem? 
Kurt: Dave! Dave, that's not part of plan! 
Hank Pym: Listen to me. If I don't get into this building, people will die. 
Gale: That's awfully dramatic. 
Paxton: Are you kidding me? 
Kurt: Problem solved.
Sam Wilson: It's really important to me that Cap never finds out about this.
Hank Pym: Your mother convinced me to let her join me on my... missions. They called her the Wasp. She was born to it. And there's not a day that goes by that I don't regret having said yes. It was 1987. Separatists had hijacked a Soviet missile silo in Kursk and launched an ICBM at the United States. The only way to the internal mechanics was through solid titanium. I knew I had to shrink between the molecules to disarm the missile. But my regulator has sustained too much damage. Your mother, she didn't hesitate. She turned off her regulator and went subatomic to deactivate the bomb. And she was gone. Your mom died a hero. And I spent the next ten years trying to learn all I could about the quantum realm. 
Hope Van Dyne: You were trying to bring her back. 
Hank Pym: But all I learned was we know nothing. 
Hope Van Dyne: It's not your fault. She made her choice. But why didn't you tell me that sooner? 
Hank Pym: I was trying to protect you. I lost your mother. I didn't mean to lose you, too.
Scott Lang: Sir, I'm sorry I stole the suit. I don't even wanna know why you have it. 
Hank Pym: Maggie was right about you. 
Scott Lang: How do you know about... 
Hank Pym: No wonder she's trying to keep you away from Cassie. The moment things get hard, you turn right back to crime. The way I see it, you have a choice. You can either spend the rest of your life in prison, or go back to your cell and await further instructions. 
Scott Lang: I don't understand. 
Hank Pym: No, I don't expect you to. But you don't have many options right now, and quite frankly, neither do I. Why do you think I let you steal that suit in the first place? 
Scott Lang: What? 
Hank Pym: Second chances don't come around all that much. So next time you think you might see one, I suggest you take a real close look at it.
Scott Lang: Dale, look, it wasn't a violent crime. I mean, I'm a good worker. 
Dale: No, it wasn't a violent crime. It was a cool crime. I'll tell you what, though. This will be totally off the books, off the records, but, uh, if you want to grab one of those, uh, Mango Fruit Blasts on your way out the door, I'll just pretend I didn't see it.
Luis: That's Kurt. He was Folsom for five years. He's a wizard on that laptop. 
Kurt: Nice meet you. 
Scott Lang: Yeah, nice to meet you, too. Who are you? 
Dave: Dave. Nice work on the Vista job. 
Kurt: Vista job, yes. No, no. I have heard of this robbery. 
Scott Lang: Well, technically, I didn't rob them. Robbery involves threat. I hate violence. I burgled them. I'm a cat buglar. 
Dave: You mean you're a pussy. 
Scott Lang: Yeah.
Hope Van Dyne: Good morning, Hank. 
Hank Pym: Hope. Would it kill you to call me "dad"?
Hope Van Dyne: Oh, god. 
Scott Lang: You gotta lock your doors. I mean, really, there's some weird folks in this neighborhood. 
Hope Van Dyne: Do you think this is a joke? Do you have any idea what he's asking you to risk? You have a daughter. 
Scott Lang: I'm doing this for her. 
Hope Van Dyne: You know when my mother died, I didn't see him for two weeks. 
Scott Lang: He was in grief. 
Hope Van Dyne: Yeah, so was I, and I was seven. And he never came back. Not in any way that counted. He just sent me off to boarding school. You know, I thought, with all that's at stake, just maybe we might have a chance of making peace. But even now, he still wants to shut me out. 
Scott Lang: He doesn't want to shut you out. He trusts you. 
Hope Van Dyne: Then why are you here? 
Scott Lang: It proves that he loves you. Hope, look at me. I'm expendable. That's why I'm here. You must have realized that by now. I mean, it's why I'm in the suit and you're not. He'd rather lose this fight than lose you.
Scott Lang: Yeah, I don't know what you're doing grabbing me and kissing me like that. I was a little surprised myself. I have to get somewhere. I'll see you later, Hank. Really, Hope. 
Hank Pym: Scott. 
Scott Lang: Yeah? 
Hank Pym: You're full of shit. 
Scott Lang: Oh, yeah.
Young Pym: Stark! 
Howard Stark: He doesn't seem happy. Hello, Hank! You're supposed to be in Moscow. 
Young Pym: I took a detour... 
Young Pym: ... through your defense lab. 
Peggy Carter: Tell me that isn't what I think it is. 
Young Pym: That depends if you think it's a poor attempt to replicate my work. Even for this group, that takes nerve. 
Mitchell Carson: You were instructed to go to Russia. May I remind you, Dr. Pym, that you're a soldier... 
Young Pym: I'm a scientist. 
Howard Stark: Then act like one! The Pym Particle is the most revolutionary science ever developed. Help us put it to good use. 
Young Pym: I let you turn me into your errand boy, and now you try to steal my research? 
Mitchell Carson: If only you'd protected Janet with such ferocity, Dr. Pym. 
Young Pym: Ah... 
Peggy Carter: Easy, Hank! 
Young Pym: You mention my wife again, and I'll show you ferocity. 
Howard Stark: Don't look at me, you said it. 
Young Pym: I formally tender my resignation. 
Howard Stark: We don't except it. Formally. Hank, we need you. The Pym Particle is a miracle. Please. Don't let your past determine the future. 
Young Pym: As long as I am alive, nobody will ever get that formula. 
Mitchell Carson: We shouldn't let him leave the building. 
Peggy Carter: You've already lied to him, now you want to go to war with him? 
Mitchell Carson: Yes! Our scientists haven't come close to replicating his work. 
Howard Stark: He just kicked your ***, full-size. You really want to find out what it's like when you can't see him coming? I've known Hank Pym for a long time, he's no security risk. Unless we make him one.
Scott Lang: Welcome to Baskin-Robbins, would you like to try our Mango Fruit Blast?
Hank Pym: He's gonna lose the suit. 
Hope Van Dyne: He's gonna lose his life.
Paxton: Where the heck did he go? 
Gale: I have no idea, he just vanished! 
Paxton: Set up a five-block perimeter, now!
Darren Cross: What do you call the only man who can arm the most powerful weapon in the world? 
Hank Pym: The most powerful man in the world. 
Darren Cross: You proud of me yet?
Mitchell Carson: Here we go.
Hope Van Dyne: Drop... your... gun.
Hank Pym: You need to be skillful, agile, and above all, you need to be fast. You should be able to shrink and grow on a dime. So your size always suits your needs.
Hank Pym: You can stop this, Darren. It's not too late. 
Darren Cross: It's been too late for a long time now. 
Hope Van Dyne: Darren! What are you doing? 
Darren Cross: He wasn't any more capable of caring for you than he was for me. 
Hope Van Dyne: This is not who you are. It's the particles altering your brain chemistry. 
Darren Cross: Wait! Wait, wait, wait, wait. You're right. I have to be the one to do it. 
Hope Van Dyne: Mitchell Carson: Here we go. 
Hope Van Dyne: Drop... your... gun. 
Darren Cross: You know, I came to the house the other night to kill him. But you were there! 
Hope Van Dyne: You're sick and I can help you, just put the gun - down. 
Darren Cross: I wasn't ready to kill you then. But I think I am now! 
Hope Van Dyne: DROP YOUR GUN NOW! 
Darren Cross: You picked the wrong side, Hope! 
Scott Lang:
Mitchell Carson: Long time no see, Dr. Pym. How's retirement? 
Hank Pym: How's your face?
Hank Pym: Darren. How the hell did you get in here? 
Yellowjacket: You left the front door open, Hank. It's official. You're old.
Hope Van Dyne: I gave them each half a Xanax and Hank explained the science of the suit to them. Fell right asleep.
Hope Van Dyne: Are you sure they can handle this? 
Luis: Oh we can handle it, we're professionals. 
Hank Pym: You'll forgive us if we're not instilled with confidence. 
Dave: Wait, everybody. Just kick back and relax a little bit, man. We know our business. We broke into this spooky-ass house, didn't we? 
Hank Pym: I let you. 
Dave: Well, one could say that I let you let me.
Yellowjacket: You tried to hide your technology from me, and now it's gonna blow up in your face. 
Yellowjacket: Wow. Wow! I mean, I saw the punch coming a mile away but I just figured it'd be all pathetic and weak. 
Hank Pym: Well you figured wrong.
Paxton: Freeze! 
Dave: Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute! there was a black guy that looked exactly like me who attacked us and put us in the back of this disgusting van.
Christine Everhart: Be sure to follow us online for those stories and more.
Frank Castle: You know you're one bad day away from being me.
Frank Castle: You hit 'em and they get back up, I hit 'em and they stay down.
Daredevil: Why are you doing this? 
Frank Castle: 'Cause I think you're a half-measure. I think you're a man who can't finish the job. I think that you're a coward.
Daredevil: Why didn't you take off my mask? 
Frank Castle: Because I don't give a shit who you are.
Wilson Fisk: I was thinking about a story from the Bible. 
FBI Agent #1: Did I tell you to open your mouth? 
FBI Agent #2: Let him talk. Don't mean nothin'. 
Wilson Fisk: I'm not a religious man, but I've read bits and pieces over the years. Curiosity more than faith. But this one story... There was a man, he was traveling from Jerusalem to Jericho when he was set upon by men of ill intent. They stripped the traveler of his clothes, they beat him, and they left him bleeding in the dirt. And a priest happened by, saw the traveler, but he moved to the other side of the road and continued on. And then a Levite, a religious functionary, he came to the place, saw the dying traveler, but he too moved to the other side of the road, passed him by. But then came a man from Samaria, a Samaritan, a good man. He saw the traveler bleeding in the road and he stopped to aid him without thinking of the circumstance or the difficulty it might bring him. The Samaritan tended to the traveler's wounds, applying oil and wine. And he carried him to an inn, gave him all the money he had for the owner to take care of the traveler as the Samaritan, he continued on his journey. He did this simply because the traveler was his neighbor. He loved his city and all the people in it... I always thought that I was the Samaritan in that story. It's funny, isn't it? How even the best of men can be deceived by their true nature. 
FBI Agent #1: What the hell does that mean? 
Wilson Fisk: It means that I'm not the Samaritan. That I'm not the priest, or the Levite. That I am the ill intent who set upon the traveler on a road that he should not have been on.
Matt Murdock: I wanna know how you found me. 
Elektra Natchios: I know who you are because I watch the news. "The successful apprehension of Wilson Fisk." 
Matt Murdock: I wear a mask. 
Elektra Natchios: Well, you can't mask that ass. I'd know it anywhere.
Frank Castle: I gotta say, sometimes... sometimes I think you really just might be the Devil. 
Daredevil: Sometimes I think I might be, too.
Wilson Fisk: The city and its future... seeing Hell's Kitchen to its fullest potential is very important to me. 
Matt Murdock: I feel the same way.
Matt Murdock: I'm not seeking penance for what I've done, father. I'm asking forgiveness for what I'm about to do.
Matt Murdock: There are other ways to see...
Matt Murdock: You can suffocate evil. Starve it. Lock it behind bars. But it will find a way to come back even stronger. There's only one true way to end evil. To finish it for good. Let the Devil out.
Wilson Fisk: You took everything! I'm gonna kill you! 
Matt Murdock: Take your shot 
Wilson Fisk: Ahhh!
Jeri Hogarth: You're coming across as paranoid. 
Jessica Jones: Everyone keeps saying that. It must be a conspiracy.
Jessica Jones: Would you put day drinking under experience or special abilities?
Kilgrave: Bitches, right?
Jeri Hogarth: The real world is not about happy endings. It's about taking the life you have, and fighting like hell to keep it.
Jessica Jones: No matter where I am, even if I'm behind bars, if you try anything I will find out, I will come for you, and it will hurt.
Luke Cage: Sweet Christmas!
Jessica Jones: My weakness? Occasionally I give a shit.
Jessica Jones: Main Street. Birch Street. Higgins Drive. Cobalt Lane.
Ant-Man: Oh, you're going to have to take this to the shop. 
Iron Man: Who's speaking? 
Ant-Man: It's your conscience. We don't talk a lot these days.
Iron Man: Okay, anybody on our side hiding any shocking and fantastic abilities they'd like to disclose? I'm open to suggestions.
Bucky Barnes: Can you move your seat up? 
Sam Wilson: No.
Tony Stark: Got a passport? 
Peter Parker: Um, no. I don't... I don't even have a driver's license. 
Tony Stark: You ever been to Germany? 
Peter Parker: No. 
Tony Stark: Oh, you'll love it. 
Peter Parker: I can't go to Germany! 
Tony Stark: Why? 
Peter Parker: I got... homework. 
Tony Stark: Alright, I'm gonna pretend you didn't say that.
Spider-Man: Hey guys, you ever see that really old movie, Empire Strikes Back? 
War Machine: Jesus, Tony, how old is this guy? 
Iron Man: I don't know, I didn't carbon date him. He's on the young side.
Falcon: I don't know if you've been in a fight before, but there's usually not this much talking. 
Spider-Man: All right, sorry. My bad.
Scott Lang: Hank Pym did say to never trust a Stark! 
Tony Stark: Who are you? 
Scott Lang: Come on, man.
Captain America: He's my friend. 
Iron Man: So was I.
Spider-Man: You have a metal arm? That is AWESOME, dude!
Scott Lang: Ca... Captain America... 
Steve Rogers: Mr. Lang. 
Scott Lang: It's an honor. I'm shaking your hand too long. Wow, this is awesome! 
Scott Lang: Captain America! I know you, too. You're great! 
Scott Lang: Jeez... Uh, look, I wanna say, I know you know a lot of super-people so... thinks for thanking of me. 
Scott Lang: Hey, man! 
Sam Wilson: What's up, Tic-Tac? 
Scott Lang: Uh, good to see you. Look, what happened last time was... 
Sam Wilson: It was a great audition, but it'll... 
Sam Wilson: It'll never happen again. 
Steve Rogers: Did he tell you what we're up against? 
Scott Lang: Something about some... psycho assassins? 
Steve Rogers: We're outside the law on this one, so if you come with us, you're a wanted man. 
Scott Lang: Yeah, well, what else is new?
Tony Stark: So, you're the Spiderling. Crime-fighting Spider. You're Spider-Boy? 
Peter Parker: S-Spider-Man. 
Tony Stark: Not in that onesie, you're not. 
Peter Parker: It's not a onesie.
Ant-Man: I got something kinda big, but I can't hold it very long. On my signal, run like hell, and if I tear myself in half, don't come back for me. 
Winter Soldier: He's gonna tear himself in half?
Spider-Man: They're not stopping!
Iron Man: Clearly retirement doesn't suit you. You got tired of shooting golf? 
Hawkeye: Well, I played 18, I shot 18. Just can't seem to miss. 
Iron Man: Well, first time for everything. 
Hawkeye: Made you look.
Tony Stark: That shield doesn't belong to you. You don't deserve it! My father made that shield!
Tony Stark: All right, I've run out of patience. "Underoos!" 
Tony Stark: Nice job, kid! 
Spider-Man: Thanks! Well, I could have stuck the landing a little better. It's just, new suit... wait, it's nothing, Mr. Stark. It's... it's perfect, thank you. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, we don't really need to start a conversation. 
Spider-Man: Okay. 
Spider-Man: Cap... Captain? Big fan. Spider-Man. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, we'll talk about it later. Just... 
Spider-Man: Hey, everyone. 
Tony Stark: Good job.
Sharon Carter: Margaret Carter was known to most as the founder of S.H.I.E.L.D. But I just know her as Aunt Peggy. She had a photograph in her office:  Aunt Peggy standing next to JFK. As a kid that was pretty cool. But it was a lot to live up to, which is why I never told anyone we were related. I asked her once how she managed to master diplomacy and espionage at a time when no one wanted to see a woman succeed at either. And she said, "Compromise where you can. Where you can't, don't. Even if everyone is telling you that something wrong is something right. Even if the whole world is telling you to move, it is your duty to plant yourself like a tree, look them in the eye, and say, 'No, *you* move'."
Winter Soldier: You couldn't have done that earlier? 
Falcon: I hate you.
Hawkeye: I don't think we've been introduced. I'm Clint. 
Black Panther: I don't care.
Spider-Man: That thing doesn't obey the laws of physics at all!
Sharon Carter: The receipt for your gear. 
Sam Wilson: Bird costume? Come on. 
Sharon Carter: I didn't write it.
FedEx Driver: Are you 'Tony Stank'?
Hawkeye: I retire for what, like, five minutes, and it all goes to shit.
Voice of Zemo's Wife: You should have seen his little face. Just try, okay? I'm going to bed. I love you. 
T'Challa: I almost killed the wrong man. 
Zemo: Hardly an innocent one. 
T'Challa: Is this all you wanted? To see them rip each other apart? 
Zemo: My father lived outside the city. I thought we would be safe there. My son was excited. He could see the Iron Man from the car window. I told my wife "Don't worry. They're fighting in the city. We're miles from harm". And the dust cleared... and the screaming stopped... it took me two days until I found their bodies. My father... still holding my wife and son in his arms... and the Avengers? 
Zemo: They went home. 
Zemo: I knew I couldn't kill them. More powerful men than me have tried. But if I could get them to kill each other... 
Zemo: I'm sorry about your father. He seemed a good man, with a dutiful son. 
T'Challa: Vengeance has consumed you. It's consuming them. I'm done letting it consume me. 
T'Challa: Justice will come soon enough. 
Zemo: Tell that to the dead. 
T'Challa: The living are not done with you yet.
Tony Stark: Manchurian Candidate, you're killing me. We're on a truce. Put the gun down.
Black Widow: Are we still friends? 
Hawkeye: That depends on how hard you hit me.
Iron Man: Stay down... final warning. 
Captain America: I can do this all day.
Sam Wilson: So you like cats? 
Steve Rogers: Sam... 
Sam Wilson: What? Dude shows up dressed like a cat and you don't wanna know more? 
Steve Rogers: Your suit. It's vibranium? 
T'Challa: The Black Panther has been the protector of Wakanda for generations. A mantle passed from warrior to warrior. And now because your friend murdered my father, I also wear the mantle of king. So I ask you, as both warrior and king, how long do you think you can keep your friend safe from me?
Iron Man: Do you even remember them? 
Winter Soldier: I remember all of them.
Captain America: You got heart, kid. Where are you from? 
Spider-Man: Queens! 
Captain America: Brooklyn!
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry, Nat. I can't sign it. 
Natasha Romanoff: I know. 
Steve Rogers: Then why did you come here? 
Natasha Romanoff: Because I didn't want you to be alone.
Steve Rogers: Tony, I'm glad you're back at the compound. I don't like the idea of you rattling around a mansion by yourself. We all need family. The Avengers are yours, maybe more so than mine. I've been on my own since I was 18. I never really fit in anywhere, even in the army. My faith's in people, I guess. Individuals. And I'm happy to say that, for the most part, they haven't let me down. Which is why I can't let them down either. Locks can be replaced, but maybe they shouldn't. I know I hurt you, Tony. I guess I thought by not telling you about your parents I was sparing you, but I can see now that I was really sparing myself, and I'm sorry. Hopefully one day you can understand. I wish we agreed on the Accords, I really do. I know you're doing what you believe in, and that's all any of us can do. That's all any of us should... So no matter what, I promise you, if you need us - if you need me - I'll be there.
Ant-Man: Oh, man, thought it was a water truck. Uh, sorry.
Steve Rogers: He said 'Bucky' and suddenly I was that 16-year-old boy from Brooklyn again.
Steve Rogers: This job... we try to save as many people as we can. Sometimes that doesn't mean everybody. But if we can't find a way to live with that, next time... maybe nobody gets saved.
Friday: Multiple contusions detected. 
Iron Man: Yeah, I detected that too...
Steve Rogers: It wasn't him, Tony! Hydra had control of his mind! 
Tony Stark: MOVE! 
Steve Rogers: IT WASN'T HIM!
Spider-Man: You have the right to remain silent!
Spider-Man: Are those carbon fiber wings? 
Falcon: Is this stuff coming out of you?
Zemo: Longing. Rusted. Seventeen. Daybreak. Furnace. Nine. Benign. Homecoming. One. Freight Car... Soldier? 
Bucky Barnes: ...Ready to comply.
Natasha Romanoff: Tony, you are being uncharacteristically non-hyperverbal.
Clint Barton: The futurist is here, gentlemen! He sees all. He knows what's best for you, whether you like it or not.
Tony Stark: How did this happen? 
Vision: I became distracted. 
Tony Stark: I didn't think that was possible. 
Vision: Neither did I.
Winter Soldier: I didn't kill your father. 
Black Panther: Then why did you run?
Steve Rogers: Do you know me? 
Bucky Barnes: You're Steve. I read about you at the museum. 
Sam Wilson: They've set the perimeter. 
Steve Rogers: I know you're nervous. And you have plenty of reason to be. But you're lying. 
Bucky Barnes: I wasn't in Vienna. I don't do that anymore. 
Sam Wilson: They're entering the building. 
Steve Rogers: Well, the people who think you did are coming here now. And they're not planning on taking you alive. 
Bucky Barnes: That's smart. Good strategy. 
Sam Wilson: They're on the roof. I'm compromised. 
Steve Rogers: This doesn't have end in a fight, Buck. 
Bucky Barnes: It always ends in a fight. 
Sam Wilson: 5 seconds. 
Steve Rogers: YOU pulled me from the river. Why? 
Bucky Barnes: I don't know. 
Sam Wilson: 3 seconds! 
Steve Rogers: Yes, you do. 
Sam Wilson: Breach! Breach! Breach!
T'Challa: In my culture, death is not the end. It's more of a stepping off point. You reach out with both hands and Bast and Sekhmet, they lead you into the green veld where... you can run forever. 
Natasha Romanoff: That sounds very peaceful. 
T'Challa: My father thought so. I am not my father. 
Natasha Romanoff: T'Challa, Task Force will decide who brings in Barnes. 
T'Challa: Don't bother, Ms. Romanoff. I'll kill him myself.
Bucky Barnes: Your mom's name was Sarah. You used to wear newspapers in your shoes. 
Steve Rogers: You can't read that in a museum. 
Sam Wilson: Just like that, we're supposed to be cool?
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Tell me, Captain, do you know where Thor and Banner are right now? 'Cause you can bet if I misplaced a couple of 30 megaton warheads, there'd be consequences.
Spider-Man: HOLY SHIT!
Tony Stark: Hey, you wanna see something cool? I pulled something from Dad's archives. Timely. FDR signed the Lend-Lease bill with these in 1941. Provided support to the Allies when they needed most. 
Steve Rogers: Some would say it brought our country closer to war. 
Tony Stark: Steve, if not for these, you wouldn't be here. I'm trying to, what do you call it, a... an olive branch. Is that what you call it? 
Steve Rogers: Is Pepper here? I didn't see her. 
Tony Stark: We are kinda... well not kinda... 
Steve Rogers: Pregnant? 
Tony Stark: No, ha, definitely not. We're taking a break. It's nobody's fault. 
Steve Rogers: I'm so sorry, Tony. I didn't know. 
Tony Stark: A few years ago I almost lost her so I trashed all my suits. Then we had to mop up Hydra. Then Ultron, my fault. And then, and then, and then. I never stopped. 'Cause the truth is I don't wanna stop. I don't wanna lose her. I thought maybe the Accords can split the difference. In her defense, I'm a handful. Yeah dad was a pain in the ass, but he and mom always made it work. 
Steve Rogers: You know, I'm glad Howard got married. I only knew him when he was young and single. 
Tony Stark: Oh really? You two knew each other? He never mentioned that. Maybe only a thousand times. God, I hated you. 
Steve Rogers: I don't mean to make things difficult. 
Tony Stark: I know. Because you're a very polite person. 
Steve Rogers: If I see a situation pointed south, I can't ignore it. Sometimes I wish I could. 
Tony Stark: No, you don't. 
Steve Rogers: No, I don't. Sometimes... 
Tony Stark: Sometimes I wanna punch you in your perfect teeth. But I don't wanna see you gone. We need you, Cap. So far nothing's happen that can't be undone. Please, sign. We can make the last 24 hours legit. Barnes gets transferred to an American psych center instead of a Wakandan prison. 
Steve Rogers: I'm not saying it's impossible. But there would have to be safeguards. 
Tony Stark: Sure! Once we put out the PR - they're documents. They can be amended. I file a motion, have you and Wanda reinstated... 
Steve Rogers: Wanda? What about Wanda? 
Tony Stark: She's fine. She's confined in the compound currently. Vision's keeping her company. 
Steve Rogers: Oh God, Tony! Every time. Every time I think you're seeing things the right way... 
Tony Stark: It's a 100 acres with a lap pool. It's got a screening room. There's worse way to protect people. She's not a US Citizen and they don't grant visas to Weapons of Mass Destruction. 
Steve Rogers: Protection? Is that how you see this? This isn't protection, it's internment, Tony. Come on, she's a kid! 
Tony Stark: Gimme a break! I'm doing what has to be done, to save us from something worse.
Tony Stark: I'm trying to keep... 
Tony Stark: I'm trying to keep you from tearing the Avengers apart. 
Captain America: You did that when you signed.
Tony Stark: Did you know? 
Steve Rogers: I didn't know it was him... 
Tony Stark: Don't bullshit me, Rogers! Did you know? 
Steve Rogers: Yes.
Crossbones: This is for dropping a building on my face!
Tony Stark: You know, I'm having a hard time believing she's someone's aunt.
Zemo: An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumbles from within? That's dead... forever.
Sam Wilson: I just wanna make sure we consider all our options. The people that shoot at you usually wind up shooting at me.
Steve Rogers: You remember that time we had to ride back from Rockaway Beach in the back of that freezer truck? 
Bucky Barnes: Was that the time you used our train money to buy hotdogs? 
Steve Rogers: You blew three bucks trying to win that stuffed bear for a redhead. 
Bucky Barnes: What was her name again? 
Steve Rogers: Dolores. You called her Dot. 
Bucky Barnes: She's gotta be a hundred years old right now... 
Steve Rogers: So are we, pal.
Natasha Romanoff: Looking over your shoulder should be second nature. 
Sam Wilson: Anyone ever tell you you're a little paranoid? 
Natasha Romanoff: Not to my face. Why, did you hear something?
Steve Rogers: I know we're not perfect, but the safest hands are still our own.
Iron Man: Ross doesn't know I'm here. I'd rather like to keep it that way, otherwise I gotta arrest myself. 
Captain America: That sounds like a lot of paperwork.
Tony Stark: They're comin' for ya. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm not the one that needs to watch their back.
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah. 
Steve Rogers: You're alright? 
Natasha Romanoff: Uh. Yeah. Thanks. I got lucky. 
Natasha Romanoff: ... I know how much Barnes means to you. I really do... Stay home. You'll only make this worse for all of us. Please. 
Steve Rogers: Are you saying you'll arrest me? 
Natasha Romanoff: No... Someone will. If you interfere. That's how it works now. 
Steve Rogers: If he's this far gone, Nat. I should be the one to bring him in. 
Natasha Romanoff: Why? 
Steve Rogers: Cause I'm the one least likely to die trying.
Natasha Romanoff: I know how much Barnes means to you... Stay at home. You'll only make this worse.
Tony Stark: Why are you doing this, huh? What's your MO? I've got to know, what gets you out of that twin bed every morning? 
Peter Parker: Because... because, I've been me my whole life, and I've had these powers for six months. I read books, I build computers, and I would love to play football, but I couldn't then so I shouldn't be able to now... 
Tony Stark: Right, because you're different 
Peter Parker: Yeah, but I can't tell anybody that, so I'm not. 
Peter Parker: When you can do the things that I can, but you don't, and then the bad things happen? They happen because of you.
Tony Stark: You seem a little defensive. 
Captain America: It's been a long day. 
Tony Stark: At ease, Soldier. I'm not currently after you. 
Captain America: Then why are you here? 
Tony Stark: Could be your story's not so crazy. Maybe.
Everett K. Ross: Meals at 8 and 5. Toilet privileges twice a day. Raise your voice, zap. Touch the glass, zap. You step outta line, you deal with me. Please, step outta line.
Vision: Our very strength incites challenge. Challenge incites conflict. And conflict... breeds catastrophe.
Captain America: This isn't gonna change what happened. 
Iron Man: I don't care. He killed my mom.
Vision: If you do this, they will never stop being afraid of you. 
Wanda Maximoff: I can't control their fear. Only my own.
Steve Rogers: Who else signed it? 
Natasha Romanoff: Tony, Rhody, Vision. 
Steve Rogers: Clint? 
Natasha Romanoff: Said he's retired. 
Steve Rogers: Wanda? 
Natasha Romanoff: TBD... I'm off to Vienna for the signing of the Accords. There's plenty of room on the jet. Just because it's the path of least resistance doesn't mean it's the wrong path. Staying together is more important that how we stay together. 
Steve Rogers: What are we giving up to do it?... Sorry, Nat. I can't sign it. 
Natasha Romanoff: I know... 
Steve Rogers: Well, then... what are you doing here? 
Natasha Romanoff: I didn't want you to be alone.
Vision: A pinch of paprika... A pinch... 
Wanda Maximoff: Is that Paprikash? 
Vision: I thought it might lift your spirits. 
Wanda Maximoff: Spirits lifted. 
Vision: In my defence, I haven't actually eaten anything before, so... please... Wanda? 
Wanda Maximoff: Hmm? 
Vision: No one dislikes you. 
Wanda Maximoff: Thanks. 
Vision: Oh you're welcome. No. It's ah... involuntary response in their amygdala that can't help but being afraid of you. 
Wanda Maximoff: Are you? 
Vision: My amygdala is synthetic, so... 
Wanda Maximoff: ... I used to think of myself one way. But after this 
Wanda Maximoff: . I am something else. And still me, I think. But that's not what everyone else sees. 
Vision: Do you know, I don't know what this is 
Vision: . Not really. I know it's not of this world. But it powered Loki staff, gave you your abilities. But its true nature is a mystery. And yet, it is part of me. 
Wanda Maximoff: Are you afraid of it? 
Vision: I wish to understand it. The more I do the less it controls me. One day, who knows, I may even control it. 
Wanda Maximoff: I don't know what's in this but it's not paprika. I'm gonna go to the store i'll be back in 20 minutes. 
Vision: Alternatively, we could order a pizza? 
Wanda Maximoff: Vision, are you not letting me leave? 
Vision: ...It is a question of safety. 
Wanda Maximoff: I can protect myself. 
Vision: Not yours. Mr. Stark would like to avoid the possibility of another public incident. Until the Accords are a more secured foundation. 
Wanda Maximoff: ...And what do you want? 
Vision: For people to see you... as I do.
Tony Stark: I was wrong about you. The whole world was wrong about you.
Falcon: What do we do? 
Captain America: We fight.
Howard Stark: You know, they say sarcasm is a metric for potential. If that's true, you'll be a great man some day.
Zemo: When S.H.I.E.L.D. fell, Black Widow released Hydra files to the public. Millions of pages. Much of it encrypted, not easy to decipher, but... I have experience... and patience. A man can do anything if he has those.
Zemo: Mission Report:  December 16, 1991.
Steve Rogers: Are you sure about this? 
Bucky Barnes: I can't trust my own mind. 
T'Challa: Your friend and my father, they were both victims. If I can help one of them find peace...
Natasha Romanoff: You know what's about to happen. Do you really wanna punch your way out of this?
Bucky Barnes: We gotta go. That guy's probably in Siberia by now. 
Captain America: We need to draw out the flyers... I'll take Vision. You get to the jet. 
Falcon: No, you get to the jet! Both of you! The rest of us aren't getting out of here! 
Hawkeye: As much as I hate to admit it, if we're gonna win this one, some of us might have to lose it. 
Captain America: Alright, Sam. What's the plan? 
Falcon: We need a diversion. Something big! 
Ant-Man: I got something kinda big, but I can't hold it very long. On my signal, run like hell, and if I tear myself in half, don't come back for me. 
Bucky Barnes: He's gonna tear himself in half? 
Captain America: You sure about this, Scott? 
Ant-Man: I do it all the time. I mean, once... In a lab. And I passed out. 
Ant-Man: I'm the boss, I'm the boss, I'm the boss...
May Parker: Who was it? Who hit you? 
Peter Parker: Some guy... so itchy man, God. 
May Parker: What's "some guy's" name? 
Peter Parker: Uhh, Steve! 
May Parker: Steve? From 12-C? With the overbite? 
Peter Parker: No, no, no, you don't know him, he's from Brooklyn. 
Peter Parker: Ouch. 
May Parker: Well, I hope you got a few good licks in. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, I got quite a few in actually. 
May Parker: Okay. 
Peter Parker: His friend was huge, like HUGE! 
Peter Parker: That's way better, thank you. 
May Parker: Okay, tough guy. 
Peter Parker: Love you, May. Hey, can you shut the door? 
Peter Parker: Title Card reads: Spider-Man will return
Everett K. Ross: So how does it feel? To spend all that time, all that effort, and to see it fail so spectacularly? 
Zemo: Did it?
Captain America: Do you know me? 
Bucky Barnes: You're Steve. I read about you at the museum. 
Captain America: I know you're nervous and you have plenty of reason to be, but you're lying. 
Bucky Barnes: I wasn't in Vienna. I don't do that anymore. 
Captain America: Well, the people who think you did are coming here now and they're not planning on taking you alive. 
Bucky Barnes: That's smart. Good strategy. 
Captain America: This doesn't have end in a fight, Buck. 
Bucky Barnes: It always ends in a fight.
Steve Rogers: You know if they find out he's here, they'll come for him. 
T'Challa: Let them try.
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: Secretary Ross has a Congressional Medal of Honor, which is one more than you have. 
Sam Wilson: So let's say we agreed to this thing. How long is it gonna be before they lojack us like a bunch of common criminals? 
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: 117 countries wanna sign this. 117, Sam, and you're just like, "Nah, it's cool." 
Sam Wilson: How long are you gonna play both sides? 
Vision: I have an equation. 
Sam Wilson: Oh, this'll clear it up. 
Vision: In the 8 years since Mr. Stark announced himself as Iron Man, the number of known enhanced persons has grown exponentially. And during the same period, a number of potentially world-ending events has risen at a commensurable rate. 
Steve Rogers: Are you saying it's our fault? 
Vision: I'm saying there may be a causality. Our very strength invites challenge. Challenge incites conflict. And conflict... breeds catastrophe. Oversight... Oversight is not an idea that can be dismissed out of hand. 
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: Boom! 
Natasha Romanoff: Tony? You are being uncharacteristically non-hyperverbal. 
Steve Rogers: That's 'cause he's already made up his mind. 
Tony Stark: Boy, you know me so well. Actually, I'm nursing an electromagnetic headache. That's what's going on, Cap. It's just pain. It's discomfort. Who's putting coffee grounds in the disposal? Am I running a Bed and Breakfast for a biker gang? 
Tony Stark: Oh, that's Charles Spencer, by the way. He's a great kid. Computer engineering degree, 3.6 GPA. Had a floor-level gig, an intel plan for the fall. But first he wanted to put a few miles on his soul before he parked it behind a desk. See the world, maybe be of service. Charlie didn't wanna go to Vegas or Fort Lauderdale, which is what I would do. He didn't go to Paris or Amsterdam, which sounds fun. He decided to spend his summer building sustainable housing for the poor. Guess where:  Sokovia. He wanted to make a difference, I suppose. I mean, we won't know because we dropped a building on him while we were kickin' ass... There's no decision-making process here. We need to be put in check! And whatever form that takes, I'm game. If we can't accept limitations, we're boundaryless, we're no better than the bad guys. 
Steve Rogers: Tony, if someone dies on your watch, you don't give up. 
Tony Stark: Who said we're giving up? 
Steve Rogers: We are if we're not taking responsibility for our actions. This document just shifts the blame. 
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: Sorry, Steve, that... that is dangerously arrogant. This is the United Nations we're talking about. It's not the World Security Council, it's not S.H.I.E.L.D., it's not Hydra. 
Steve Rogers: No, but it's run by people with agendas and agendas change. 
Tony Stark: That's good! That's why I'm here. When I realized what my weapons were capable of in the wrong hands, I shut it down. Stopped manufacturing. 
Steve Rogers: Tony, you *chose* to do that. If we sign this, we surrender our right to choose. What if this panel sends us somewhere we don't think we should go? What if there's somewhere we need to go and they don't let us? We may not be perfect but the safest hands are still our own. 
Tony Stark: If we don't do this now, it's gonna be done to us later. That's the fact. That won't be pretty. 
Wanda Maximoff: You're saying they'll come for me. 
Vision: We would protect you. 
Natasha Romanoff: Maybe Tony's right. If we have one hand on the wheel, we can still steer. If we take it off... 
Sam Wilson: Aren't you the same woman who told the government to kiss her ass a few years ago?
Tony Stark: I saw how dangerous my weapons were in the wrong hands, so I took control. 
Steve Rogers: You chose to do that. If we sign these accords, it takes away our right to choose.
Spider-Man: Whoa, no, I'm not done, I've gotta get him back! 
Iron Man: You're going home, or I'm calling Aunt May! You're DONE! 
Spider-Man: Wait, Mr. Stark! I'm not done, I'm not... 
Spider-Man: Okay, I'm done.
Bucky Barnes: What's gonna happen to your friends? 
Captain America: Whatever it is... I'll deal with it. 
Bucky Barnes: I don't know if I'm worth all this to you. 
Captain America: What you did all those years, it wasn't you. You didn't have a choice. 
Bucky Barnes: I know... but I did it.
Sam Wilson: Where'd they find this guy?
Clint Barton: You gotta watch your back with this guy! 
Clint Barton: There's a chance he's gonna break it!
Steve Rogers: Tony, we used to be a family. 
Tony Stark: I don't care.
Natasha Romanoff: You could at least recognize me!
King T'Chaka: Our people's blood is spilled on foreign soil. Not only because of the actions of criminals, but by the indifference of those pledged to stop them. Victory at the expense of the innocent is no victory at all.
T'Challa: Two people in a room can get more done than a hundred. 
King T'Chaka: Unless you need to move a piano.
Zemo: I've thought about nothing else for over a year. I studied you, I followed you, but now that you're standing here I just realized... there's a bit of green in the blue of your eyes. 
Zemo: How nice to find a flaw.
Hawkeye: As much as I hate to admit it, if we're going to win this fight, some of us might have to lose it.
Scott Lang: Does anybody have any orange slices?
Tony Stark: You chose the wrong side.
Tony Stark: We need to be put in check. Whatever form that takes, I'm game.
Brock Rumlow: You know he knew you. Your pal, your buddy, your Bucky. 
Captain America: What did you say? 
Brock Rumlow: He remembered you. I was there. He got all weepy about it 'til they put his brain back in a blender. He wanted you to know something. He said to me, ''Please tell Rogers... When you gotta go, you gotta go.'' And you're comin' with me.
FedEx Driver: Are you 'Tony... Stank'? 
Lieutenant James Rhodes: Yes. This is... this is Tony Stank. You're in the right place. Thank you for that! 
Lieutenant James Rhodes: Never dropping that, by the way. 
Lieutenant James Rhodes: Table for one, Mr. Stank. Please by the bathroom.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Huh. Five years ago, I had a heart attack. I dropped right in the middle of my backswing. Turned out it was the best round of my life because after thirteen hours of surgery and a triple bypass, I have found something forty years in the army had never taught me... perspective. The world owes the Avengers an unpayable debt. You have fought for us, protected us, risked your lives. But while a great many people see you as heroes, there are some who would prefer the word "vigilantes". 
Natasha Romanoff: And what word would you use, Mr. Secretary? 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: How about "dangerous"? What would you call a group of US based, enhanced individuals who routinely ignore sovereign borders and inflict their will wherever they choose and who, frankly, seem unconcerned with what they leave behind? New York, Washington D.C., Sokovia, Lagos... 
Steve Rogers: Okay. That's enough. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: In the past four years, you've operated with unlimited power and no supervision. That's an arrangement the governments of the world can no longer tolerate.
Steve Rogers: I'm not getting that shield back, am I? 
Natasha Romanoff: Technically it's the government's property. The wings, too. 
Sam Wilson: That's cold. 
Tony Stark: Warmer than jail!
Ant-Man: Look, I really don't want to hurt you. 
Black Widow: I wouldn't stress about it.
Brock Rumlow: You know, I think I look pretty good, all things considered.
Maria Stark: Be nice, dear. He's been studying abroad. 
Howard Stark: Really, which broad?
Miriam: They say there is a correlation between generosity and guilt.
Captain America: You're Sokovian. Is that what this is about? 
Zemo: Sokovia was a failed state long before you blew it to hell. No. I'm here because I made a promise. 
Captain America: You lost someone. 
Zemo: I lost everyone. And so will you.
Bucky Barnes: What the hell is that? 
Sam Wilson: Everyone's got a gimmick now!
Captain America: All right, Sam. What's the play? 
Falcon: We need a diversion. Something big. 
Ant-Man: I got something kinda big. But I can't hold it very long. On my signal, run like hell. And if I tear myself in half, don't come back for me. 
Bucky Barnes: He's gonna tear himself in half? 
Captain America: You sure about this, Scott? 
Ant-Man: I do it all the time. I mean, once. In a lab. Then I passed out. I'm the boss, I'm the boss, I'm the boss. I'm the boss! 
Spider-Man: Holy shit! 
War Machine: Okay, tiny dude is big now. He's big now. 
Captain America: I guess that's the signal. 
Falcon: Way to go, Tic Tac! 
Iron Man: Give me back my Rhodey.
Steve Rogers: What about a lawyer? 
Everett K. Ross: Lawyer, that's funny. See their weapons are placed in lockup. We'll write you a receipt. 
Sam Wilson: I better not look out the window and see anybody flying around in that.
Tony Stark: Who else knows, anybody? 
Spider-Man: Nobody. 
Tony Stark: Not even your unusualy attractive aunt.
Sam Wilson: How long are you gonna play both sides?
Howard Stark: Sergeant Barnes?
Bucky Barnes: I am not the only Winter Soldier.
Friday: You can't beat him hand-to-hand! 
Iron Man: Analyze his fight pattern! 
Friday: Scanning... Countermeasures ready. 
Iron Man: Let's kick his ass!
Tony Stark: If we don't do this, it will be done to us.
King T'Chaka: When stolen Wakandan vibranium was used to make a terrible weapon, we in Wakanda were forced to question our legacy. Those men and women killed in Nigeria were part of a goodwill mission from a country too long in the shadows. We will not however, let misfortune drive us back. We will fight to improve the world we wish to join.
Steve Rogers: Who are you? What do you want? 
Zemo: To see an empire fall.
Vision: Captain Rogers! I know you believe what you are doing is right, but for the collective good, you must surrender now.
Black Widow: Thank you. 
Sam Wilson: Don't thank me. 
Black Widow: I'm not thanking that. 
Sam Wilson: Aw, come on. Touch it, give it a kiss.
Iron Man: Let go of my rhodey!
Clint Barton: Buckled in? 
Ant-Man: Yeah. No, I'm good. I'm good Arrow Guy. Let's go, let's go!
Wanda Maximoff: What about the gas? 
Steve Rogers: Get it out.
Black Panther: Move, Captain. I won't ask a second time.
Black Widow: Maybe Tony's right. If we have one hand on the wheel, we can still drive. If we take it off... 
Sam Wilson: Aren't you the same woman who told the government to kiss her ass a few years ago? 
Black Widow: I'm just... I'm reading the terrain. We have made some very public mistakes. We need to win their trust back. 
Iron Man: Focus up. I'm sorry... did I just mishear you or did you just agree with me? 
Black Widow: Oh I want to take it back now. 
Iron Man: No, no no. You can't retract it.
Security Chief: Move, or you will be moved.
Karpov: Longing. Rusted. Seventeen. Daybreak. Furnace. Nine. Benign. Homecoming. One. Freight Car. 
Karpov: Good morning, Soldier.
Crossbones: There you are, you son of a bitch. I've been waiting for this!
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Stark? Did he give you anything on Rogers? 
Iron Man: Nope. Told me to go to hell. I'm going back to the compound instead, but you can call me anytime. I'll put you on hold, I like to watch the line blink.
Scott Lang: Does anyone have any orange slices?
Iron Man: My left arm is numb. Is that normal?
Clint Barton: Guess I shoulda knocked. 
Wanda Maximoff: Oh, my god! What are you doing here? 
Clint Barton: Disappointing my kids. I'm supposed to go waterskiing. Cap needs our help. Come on.
Friday: Targeting systems knackered, boss.
Hawkeye: Okay, we gotta go. It's this way. 
Wanda Maximoff: I've caused enough problems. 
Hawkeye: You gotta help me, Wanda. Look, you wanna mope, can go to high school. You wanna make amends, you get off your ass.
Natasha Romanoff: Steve's not gonna stop. If you don't either, Rhodey's gonna be the best-case scenario. 
Tony Stark: You let them go, Nat. 
Natasha Romanoff: We played this wrong. 
Tony Stark: We? Boy, it must be hard to shake the whole double agent thing, huh? It sticks in the DNA. 
Natasha Romanoff: Are you incapable of letting go of your ego for one god damn second?
Iron Man: Stand down. Last warning. 
Captain America: I could do this all day.
Captain America: How about our other recruit? 
Hawkeye: He's rarin' to go. Had to put a little coffee in him, but... he should be good. 
Scott Lang: What time zone is this?
Falcon: You're the good cop, now? 
Iron Man: I'm just the guy who needs to know where Steve went. 
Falcon: Well, you'd better go get a bad cop, because you're gonna have to go Mark Fuhrman on my ass to get information out of me.
Miriam: I work for the State Department. Human Resources. I know it's boring, but it enabled me to raise a son. I'm very proud of what he grew up to be. 
Miriam: HIs name was Charlie Spencer. You murdered him. In Sokovia. Not that that matters in the least to you. You think you fight for us? You just fight for yourself. Who's going to avenge my son, Stark? He's dead... and I blame you.
Steve Rogers: All right, what do you see? 
Wanda Maximoff: Standard beat cops. Small station. Quiet street. It's a good target. 
Steve Rogers: There's an ATM on the south corner, which means? 
Wanda Maximoff: Cameras. 
Steve Rogers: Both cross-streets are one-way. 
Wanda Maximoff: So, compromised escape routes. 
Steve Rogers: Means our guy doesn't care about being seen. He isn't afraid to make a mess on the way out. You see that Range Rover halfway up the block? 
Wanda Maximoff: Yeah, the red one? It's cute. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's also bulletproof, which means private security, which means more guns, which means more headaches for somebody. Probably us. 
Wanda Maximoff: You guys know I can move things with my mind, right?
Steve Rogers: Eyes on target, folks. This is the best lead we've had on Rumlow in six months. I don't want to lose him. 
Falcon: If he sees us coming, that won't be a problem. He kind of hates us.
Zemo: HYDRA deserves its place on the ash heap. So your death would not bother me. But I'd have to use this book... and other bloodier methods to find what I need. I don't look forward to that. You'd only be dying for... your pride.
Sharon Carter: My mom tried to talk me out of enlisting, but, um, not Aunt Peggy. She bought me my first thigh holster. 
Steve Rogers: Very practical. 
Sharon Carter: And stylish.
Steve Rogers: CIA has you stationed over here now? 
Sharon Carter: Berlin. Joint Terrorism Task Force. 
Steve Rogers: Right. Right. Sounds fun. 
Sharon Carter: I know, right? 
Steve Rogers: I've been meaning to ask you. When you were spying on me from across the hall... 
Sharon Carter: You mean when I was doing my job. 
Steve Rogers: Did Peggy know? 
Sharon Carter: She kept so many secrets. I didn't want her to have one from you.
Steve Rogers: Why would the Task Force release this photo to begin with? 
Sharon Carter: Get the word out, involve as many eyes as we can? 
Steve Rogers: Right. It's a good way to flush a guy out of hiding. Set off a bomb, get your picture taken. Get seven billion people looking for the Winter Soldier. 
Sharon Carter: You're saying someone framed him to find him? 
Sam Wilson: Steve, we looked for the guy for two years and found nothing. 
Steve Rogers: We didn't bomb the UN. That turns a lot of heads. 
Sharon Carter: Yeah, but that doesn't guarantee that whoever framed him would get him. It guarantees that we would. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah.
Sharon Carter: Not sure you understand the concept of a getaway car. 
Steve Rogers: It's low-profile. 
Sharon Carter: Good, because this stuff tends to draw a crowd.
Steve Rogers: I owe you again. 
Sharon Carter: Keeping a list. 
Sharon Carter: You know, he kinda tried to kill me. 
Steve Rogers: Sorry. I'll put it on the list, too. They're gonna come looking for you. 
Sharon Carter: I know. 
Steve Rogers: Thank you, Sharon. 
Sharon Carter: That was... 
Steve Rogers: Late. 
Sharon Carter: Damn right.
Clint Barton: Cap. 
Steve Rogers: You know I wouldn't have called if I had any other choice. 
Clint Barton: Hey, man, you're doing me a favor. Besides, I owe a debt. 
Steve Rogers: Thanks for having my back. 
Wanda Maximoff: It was time to get off my ass.
Bucky Barnes: We should get moving. 
Clint Barton: We got a chopper lined up. 
Bucky Barnes: They're evacuating the airport. 
Sam Wilson: Stark. 
Scott Lang: Stark? 
Steve Rogers: Suit up.
Tony Stark: All right, we're done. You're gonna turn Barnes over, you're gonna come with us, now, because it's us, or a squad of J-SOC guys with no compunction about being impolite.
Spider-Man: Hey, guys, something... 
War Machine: Whoa. What-what the hell was that? 
Ant-Man: I believe this is yours, Captain America.
Iron Man: Wanda, I think you hurt Vision's feelings. 
Wanda Maximoff: You locked me in my room. 
Iron Man: Okay, first, that's an exaggeration. Second, I did it to protect you. Hey, Clint. 
Hawkeye: Hey, man.
Ant-Man: Hey, Cap, heads up! 
Ant-Man: Throw it at this. Now! 
War Machine: Oh, come on!
Friday: The Task Force called for a psychiatrist as soon as Barnes was captured. The UN dispatched Dr. Theo Broussard from Geneva within the hour. He was met by this man. 
Tony Stark: Did you run facial recognition yet? 
Friday: What do I look like? 
Tony Stark: Uh, I don't know. I've been picturing a redhead. 
Friday: You must be thinking of someone else. 
Tony Stark: Must be. 
Friday: The fake doctor is actually Colonel Helmut Zemo. Sokovian Intelligence. Zemo ran Echo Scorpion, a Sokovian covert kill squad. 
Tony Stark: So what happened to the real Broussard? 
Friday: He was found dead in a Berlin hotel room. Where police also found a wig and facial prosthesis approximating the appearance of one James Buchanan Barnes. 
Tony Stark: Son of a bitch. Get this to Ross. 
Friday: Yes, boss.
Tony Stark: Well, I just knocked the "A" out of their AV. We got about thirty seconds before they realize it's not their equipment. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: What'd you do? Get it back up! 
Tony Stark: Just look. Because that... 
Tony Stark: ...is the fellow who was supposed to interrogate Barnes. Clearly, I made a mistake. Sam, I was wrong. 
Sam Wilson: That's a first. 
Tony Stark: Cap is definitely off the reservation, but he's about to need all the help he can get. We don't know each other very well. You don't have to... 
Sam Wilson: Hey, it's all right. 
Sam Wilson: Look, I'll tell you. But you have to go alone and as a friend. 
Tony Stark: Easy.
Steve Rogers: Sam... see that garbage truck? Tag it. 
Falcon: Give me x-ray. 
Falcon: That truck's loaded for max weight. And the driver's armed. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's a battering ram. 
Steve Rogers: Go now. 
Wanda Maximoff: What? 
Steve Rogers: He's not hitting the police.
Wanda Maximoff: It's my fault. 
Steve Rogers: That's not true. 
Wanda Maximoff: Turn the TV back on. They're being very specific. 
Steve Rogers: I should've clocked that bomb vest long before you had to deal with it.
T'Challa: I suppose neither of us is used to the spotlight. 
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, well, it's not always so flattering. 
T'Challa: You seem to be doing all right so far. Considering your last trip to Capitol Hill, I wouldn't think you'd be particularly comfortable in this company. 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, I'm not. 
T'Challa: And that alone makes me glad you are here, Ms. Romanoff. 
Natasha Romanoff: Why? You don't approve of all this? 
T'Challa: The Accords, yes. The politics, not really.
War Machine: Congratulations, Cap. You're a criminal. 
War Machine: Your Highness.
Zemo: Tell me, Bucky. You've seen a great deal, haven't you? 
Bucky Barnes: I don't wanna talk about it. 
Zemo: You fear that if you open your mouth, the horrors might never stop. Don't worry. We only have to talk about one.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: I don't suppose you have any idea where they are? 
Tony Stark: We will. GSG 9's got the borders covered. Recon's flying 24/7. They'll get a hit. We'll handle it. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You don't get it, Stark. It's not yours to handle. It's clear you can't be objective. I'm putting Special Ops on this. 
Natasha Romanoff: What happens when the shooting starts? What, do you kill Steve Rogers? 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: If we're provoked. Barnes would've been eliminated in Romania if it wasn't for Rogers. There are dead people who would be alive now. Feel free to check my math. 
Tony Stark: All due respect, you're not gonna solve this with boys and bullets, Ross. You gotta let us bring them in. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: How would that end any differently than last time? 
Tony Stark: Because this time, I won't be wearing loafters and a silk shirt. 72 hours, guaranteed. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: 36 hours. Barnes. Rogers. Wilson.
Tony Stark: 36 hours. Jeez. 
Natasha Romanoff: We're seriously understaffed. 
Tony Stark: Oh, yeah. It'd be great if we had a Hulk right about now. Any shot? 
Natasha Romanoff: You really think he'd be on our side? 
Tony Stark: No. 
Natasha Romanoff: I have an idea. 
Tony Stark: Me, too. Where's yours? 
Natasha Romanoff: Downstairs. Where's yours?
Tony Stark: Ross gave me 36 hours to bring you in. That was 24 hours ago. Can you help a brother out? 
Captain America: You're after the wrong guy. 
Tony Stark: Your judgment is askew. Your old war buddy killed innocent people yesterday. 
Captain America: And there are five more supersoldiers just like him. I can't let the doctor find them first, Tony. I can't.
Iron Man: All right, there's two on the parking deck. One of them's Maximoff. I'm gonna grab her. Rhodey, you wanna take Cap? 
War Machine: Got two in the terminal, Wilson and Barnes. 
Black Panther: Barnes is mine. 
Spider-Man: Hey, Mr. Stark, what should I do? 
Iron Man: What we discussed. Keep your distance, web 'em up. 
Spider-Man: Okay, copy that.
War Machine: Sorry, Cap, this won't kill you, but it ain't gonna tickle, either.
Natasha Romanoff: Is this part of the plan? 
Iron Man: Well, my plan was go easy on them. You wanna switch it up?
FedEx Driver: Are you Tony... .Stank? 
War Machine: Yes, this is, this is Tony Stank, you're in the right place. 
War Machine: Thank you for that! 
War Machine: Never dropping that, by the way. Table for one, Mr Stank, please, by the bathroom. 
Tony Stark:
Zemo: If it's any comfort, they died in their sleep. Did you really think I wanted more of you? 
Bucky Barnes: What the hell? 
Zemo: I'm grateful to them, though. They brought you here. 
Zemo: Please, Captain. The Soviets built this chamber to withstand the launch blast of UR-100 rockets. 
Iron Man: I'm betting I could beat that. 
Zemo: Oh, I'm sure you could, Mr. Stark. Given time. But then you'd never know why you came. 
Captain America: You killed innocent people in Vienna just to bring us here?
Luke Cage: I'm about sick of always having to buy new clothes.
Luke Cage: Sweet Christmas.
Willis 'Diamondback' Stryker: You speak to me as if you're not in the presence of death.
Cornell 'Cottonmouth' Stokes: You know why everyone wants to be the king? Cause of the crown.
John 'Bushmaster' McIver: Stokes. Mariah *Stokes*.
John 'Bushmaster' McIver: Them call me Bushmaster.
Kaecilius: How long have you been at Kamar-Taj, Mister... 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Doctor! 
Kaecilius: Mr. Doctor? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: It's Strange. 
Kaecilius: Maybe. Who am I to judge?
The Ancient One: Arrogance and fear still keep you from learning the simplest and most significant lesson of all. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Which is? 
The Ancient One: It's not about you.
The Ancient One: We never lose our demons, Mordo. We only learn to live above them.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm not ready. 
The Ancient One: No one ever is. We don't get to choose our time. 
The Ancient One: Death is what gives life meaning. To know your days are numbered. Your time is short. You'd think after all this time, I'd be ready. But look at me. Stretching one moment out into a thousand... just so that I can watch the snow.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dormammu, I've come to bargain!
Dr. Stephen Strange: Well, what's this? My mantra? 
Baron Mordo: The Wi-Fi password. We're not savages.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dormammu, I've come to bargain! 
Dormammu: You've come to die. Your world is now my world. Like all worlds. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dormammu, I've come to bargain! 
Dormammu: You've come to die. Your world is now my... What is this? Illusion? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No, this is real. 
Dormammu: Good. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dormammu, I've come to bargain. 
Dormammu: What is happening? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Since you gave Kaecilius power from your dimension, I brought some power from mine. This is time. Endless, looped time! 
Dormammu: You dare? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dormammu, I've come to bargain! 
Dormammu: You cannot do this for ever. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Actually, I can. This is how things are now! You and me. Trapped in this moment. Endlessly. 
Dormammu: Then you will spend eternity dying! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yes, but everyone on Earth will live. 
Dormammu: But you will suffer! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Pain's an old friend. 
Dormammu: End this! You will never win. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No. But I can lose. Again. And again. And again. Forever. That makes you my prisoner. 
Dormammu: No! Stop! Make this stop! Set me free! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No! I've come to bargain! 
Dormammu: What do you want? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Take your zealots from the Earth. End your assault on my world. Never come back. Do it and I'll break the loop.
Wong: How's your Sanskrit? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm fluent in Google Translate.
Christine Palmer: Where have you been? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Well, after Western medicine failed me, I headed east, and I ended up in Kathmandu. 
Christine Palmer: Kathmandu? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah. 
Christine Palmer: What? Like the Bob Seger Song? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: 1975, Beautiful Loser, side A. Yeah. And I went to a place called Kamar-Taj and I... talked to someone called "The Ancient One." And I... 
Christine Palmer: Oh. So you joined a cult. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No, I didn't. No, not exactly. No. I mean... They did teach me to tap into powers that I never even knew existed. 
Christine Palmer: Yeah. That sounds like a cult. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: It's not a cult. 
Christine Palmer: Well, that's what a cultist would say.
Baron Mordo: Stop! Tampering with continuum probabilities is forbidden! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I-I-I was just doing exactly what it said in the book! 
Wong: And what did the book say about the dangers of performing that ritual? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I don't know, I hadn't gotten to that part yet. 
Baron Mordo: Temporal manipulations can create branches in time. Unstable dimensional openings. Spatial paradoxes! Time loops! You wanna get stuck reliving the same moment over and over forever or never having existed at all? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: They really should put the warnings before this spell.
Jonathan Pangborn: Can I help you? 
Baron Mordo: They carried you into Kamar-Taj on a stretcher. Look at you now, Pangborn. 
Jonathan Pangborn: Mordo. So what can I do for you, man? 
Baron Mordo: I've been away for many months now and I've had a revelation. The true purpose of a sorcerer is to twist things out of their proper shape. Stealing power. Perverting nature. Like you. 
Jonathan Pangborn: I've stolen nothing. This is my power. Mine. 
Baron Mordo: Power has a purpose. 
Jonathan Pangborn: Why are you doing this? 
Baron Mordo: Because I see, at long last, what's wrong with the world. Too many sorcerers.
Christine Palmer: Time will tell how much I love you.
The Ancient One: You cannot beat a river into submission; you have to surrender to its current, and use its power as your own. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I control it by surrendering control? That doesn't make any sense. 
The Ancient One: Not everything does. Not everything has to. Your intellect has taken you far in life, but it will take you no further. Surrender, Stephen.
The Ancient One: You're a man looking at the world through a keyhole. You've spent your whole life trying to widen that keyhole... to see more, to know more. And now, on hearing that it can be widened, in ways you can't imagine, you reject the possibility. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No, I reject it because I do not believe in fairy tales about chakras or energy or the power of belief. There is *no* such thing as spirit! We are made of matter and nothing more. You're just another tiny, momentary speck within an indifferent universe.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Wong. Just Wong? Like Adele? Or Aristotle. Drake. Bono... Eminem.
Wong: While heroes like the Avengers protect the world from physical dangers, we sorcerers safeguard it against more mystical threats.
Dr. Stephen Strange: What did you just do to me? 
The Ancient One: I pushed your astral form out of your physical form. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: What's in that tea? Psilocybin? LSD? 
The Ancient One: It's just tea... with a little honey. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: What just happened? 
The Ancient One: For a moment, you entered the astral dimension. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: The what? 
The Ancient One: A place where the soul exists apart from the body. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Why are you doing this to me? 
The Ancient One: To show you just how much you don't know. Open your *eye*.
The Ancient One: I've spent so many years peering through time, looking at this exact moment. But I can't see past it. I've prevented countless terrible futures and after each one there's always another, and they all lead here but never further. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: You think this is where you die. 
The Ancient One: You wonder what I see in your future? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No. Yes. 
The Ancient One: I never saw your future, only its possibilities. You have such a capacity for goodness. You've always excelled, but not because you crave success but because of your fear of failure. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: It's what made me a great doctor. 
The Ancient One: It's precisely what's kept you from greatness. Arrogance and fear still keep you from learning the simplest and most significant lesson of all. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Which is? 
The Ancient One: It's not about you! When you first came to me, you asked me how I was able to heal Jonathan Pangborn. I didn't. He channels dimensional energy directly into his own body. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: He uses magic to walk. 
The Ancient One: Constantly. He had a choice, to return to his own life or to serve something greater than himself. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: So I could have my hands back again. My old life? 
The Ancient One: You could and the world would be all the lesser for it. I hated drawing power from the dark dimension but as you well know, sometimes one must break the rules in order to serve the greater good. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Mordo won't see it that way. 
The Ancient One: Mordo's soul is rigid and unmovable, forged by the fires of his youth. He needs your flexibility, just as you need his strength. Only together do you stand a chance of stopping Dormammu. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm not ready. 
The Ancient One: No one ever is. We don't get to choose our time. Death is what gives life meaning. To know your days are numbered, your time is short. You'd think after all this time I'd be ready, but look at me. Stretching one moment out into a thousand just so I can watch the snow.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who's laughing now, asshole? 
Kaecilius: I am.
The Ancient One: You're a man looking at the world through a keyhole. You've spent your life trying to widen it. Your work saved the lives of thousands. What if I told you that reality is one of many?
The Ancient One: You think you know how the world works? You think that this material universe is all there is? What is real? What mysteries lie beyond the reach of your senses? At the root of existence, mind and matter meet. Thoughts shape reality. This universe is only one of an infinite number. Worlds without end. Some benevolent and life giving. Others filled with malice and hunger. Dark places where powers older than time lie ravenous... and waiting. Who are you in this vast multiverse, Mr. Strange?
The Ancient One: Have you ever seen *that* before in a gift shop? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Teach me. 
The Ancient One: No.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Don't shut me out. I haven't got anywhere else to go... 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Thank you.
Baron Mordo: I once stood in your place. And I, too, was... disrespectful. So, might I offer you some advice? Forget everything you think you know.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Stop!
The Ancient One: The language of the mystic arts is as old as civilization. The sorcerers of antiquity called the use of this language "spells." But if that word offends your modern sensibilities, you can call it a program. The source code that shapes reality.
The Ancient One: You became a doctor to save one life above all others. Your own.
Dr. Stephen Strange: How do I get from here to there? 
The Ancient One: How did you get to reattach severed nerves and put a human spine back together bone by bone? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Study and practice. Years of it.
The Ancient One: Master Kaecilius. That ritual will bring you only sorrow.
Christine Palmer: Hey. It's OK. It's gonna be OK. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Wha... What did they do? 
Christine Palmer: They... rushed you in a chopper. But it took a little while to find you. The golden hours for nerve damage went by while you were in the car. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: What... did they do? 
Christine Palmer: Eleven stainless steel pins in the bones. Multiple torn ligaments... severe nerve damage in both hands. You were on the table for eleven hours. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Look at these fixators. 
Christine Palmer: No one could have done better. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I could have done better.
Kaecilius: What have you done? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I made a bargain. 
Kaecilius: What is this? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Well, it's everything you've ever wanted. Eternal life as part of the One. You're not gonna like it. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah, you know, you really should have stolen the whole book because the warnings... The warnings come *after* the spells.
Man on Bus: That is hilarious!
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm breaking the laws of nature. I know. 
Wong: Well, don't stop now.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Thank you for the books and for the horrifying story and... for the threat upon my life.
The Ancient One: I spent so many years peering through time... looking at this exact moment. But I can't see past it.
Baron Mordo: The bill comes due. Don't you see? Her transgressions led to the Zealots to Dormammu. Kaecilius... was her fault! And here we are... in the consequence of her deception. A world on fire.
Wong: Wise choice. You'll wear the Eye of Agamotto... once you've mastered its powers. Until then... best not to walk down the streets wearing an Infinity Stone.
Baron Mordo: How's our new recruit? 
The Ancient One: We shall see... Any second now. 
Baron Mordo: Oh no, not again.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm talking tonight at a Neurological Society dinner. Come with me. 
Christine Palmer: Another speaking engagement? So romantic. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: You used to love coming to those things with me. We had fun together. 
Christine Palmer: No, you had fun. They weren't about us, they were about you. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Not only about me. 
Christine Palmer: Stephen. Everything is about you.
Wong: What do you want, Strange? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Books on Astral Projection. 
Wong: You're not ready for that. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Try me, Beyoncé. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Come on! You've heard of her, she's a huge star, right? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Do you ever laugh? Come on, just give me the book. 
Wong: No.
Dr. Stephen Strange: We did it. 
Baron Mordo: Yes. Yes, we did it. By also violating the natural law. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Look around you. It's over. 
Baron Mordo: You think there will be no consequences, Strange? No price to pay? We broke our rules, just like her. The bill comes due. Always!
Christine Palmer: Stephen, you always spent money as fast as you can make it, but now you're spending money you don't even have. Maybe it's time to consider stopping. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No, now is exactly not the time to stop, because, you see, I'm not getting any better! 
Christine Palmer: But this isn't medicine anymore, this is mania. Some things just can't be fixed. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: A life without my work... 
Christine Palmer: Is still a life. This isn't the end, there are other things that can give your life meaning. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Like what? Like you? 
Christine Palmer: And this is the part where you apologize. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: This is the part where you leave.
Wong: Word of the Ancient One's death will spread through the Multiverse. Earth has no Sorcerer Supreme to defend it. We must be ready. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: We'll be ready.
The Ancient One: We harness energy... drawn from other dimensions of the Multiverse... to cast spells... to conjure shields... and weapons... to make magic. The Ancient One:  Through the mystic arts, we harness energy and shape reality.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Hah! 
Kaecilius: You don't know how to use that, do you? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Uh...
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah, you know, you really should have stolen the whole book because the warnings... the warnings come after the spells.
Dr. Stephen Strange: You lack imagination! 
Baron Mordo: No, Stephen. You lack a spine.
Dr. Stephen Strange: You came back from a place there's no way back from. I... I-I-I'm trying to find my own way back.
The Ancient One: Have you ever seen *that* before in a gift shop?
Wong: I am now the guardian of these books. So if a volume from this collection should be stolen again, I'd know it, and you'd be dead before you ever left the compound. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: What if it's just overdue? You know. Any late fees I should know about? Maiming, perhaps?
The Ancient One: Death is what gives life meaning. To know your days are numbered. Your time is short.
Baron Mordo: This is a relic. Some magic is too powerful to sustain so we imbue objects with it... allowing them to take the strain we cannot. This is the staff... of the Living Tribunal. There are many relics. The Wand of Watoomb. The Vaulting Boots of Valtorr. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Really just roll off the tongue, don't they?
Kaecilius: Daniel, I see they made you master of this Sanctum. 
Daniel Drumm: You know what that means? 
Kaecilius: That you'll die protecting it.
The Ancient One: You think I was wrong to cast him out? 
Baron Mordo: Five hours later, he's still on your doorstep. There's a strength to him.
Christine Palmer: You can't do this free-hand. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I can and I will. 
Dr. Nicodemus West: This is no time for showing off, Strange. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: How about ten minutes ago when you called the wrong time of death?
Dr. Stephen Strange: I don't believe in fairytales about chakras or energy or the power of belief. 
The Ancient One: You wonder what I see in your future? Possibility.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Look at your face. Dormannu made you a murderer. Just how good can his kingdom be?
The Ancient One: Stubbornness, arrogance, ambition. I've seen it all before. 
Baron Mordo: He reminds you of Kaecilius.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Billy. What have you got for me? 
Nurse Billy: I've got a 35-year-old Air Force Colonel, crushed his lower spine in some kind of experimental armor. Mid-thoracic burst fracture. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah, well, I could help... but so could 50 other people. Find me something worth my time.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm gonna have to vanish now. 
Christine Palmer: What? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Keep me alive, will you?
Dr. Nicodemus West: Give your body time to heal. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: You've ruined me.
Dr. Stephen Strange: The patient's not dead, but he is dying. Still want to harvest his organs?
Dr. Stephen Strange: This one's got pages missing. 
Wong: That's the Book of Cagliostro. A study of time. One of the rituals was stolen by a former master, the Zealot, Kaecilius. Just after he strung up the former librarian and relieved him of his head. I am now the guardian of these books. So if a volume from this collection should be stolen again I'd know it and you'd be dead before you ever left the compound. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: What if it's just overdue? Any late fees I should know about? Maiming, perhaps?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Even if there's another way? 
Baron Mordo: There is no *other* way.
Baron Mordo: How did you do that? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Hm? 
Baron Mordo: Where did you learn the litany of spells to even understand it? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I've got a photographic memory. It's how I got my M.D and P.H.D at the same time. 
Baron Mordo: What you just did... takes more than a good memory. You were born for the mystic arts.
Kaecilius: People think in terms of good and evil, but really, time is the true enemy of us all. Time kills everything.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Pain is an old friend.
Kaecilius: Doctor... we don't seek to rule this world. We seek to save it... to hand it over to Dormammu, who is the intent of all evolution... the why of all existence.
The Ancient One: We never lose our demons. We only learn to live above them.
Dr. Stephen Strange: You really should stole the whole book because the warnings come after the spells.
Christine Palmer: This is insane. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah. 
Christine Palmer: Where are you going? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Umm... .. 
Christine Palmer: Can you tell me the truth? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Well, a powerful sorcerer who gave himself over to an ancient entity can bend the very laws of physics tried very hard to kill me. But I left him chained up in Greenwich Village and the quickest way back there is through a dimensional gateway that I opened up in the mop closet. 
Christine Palmer: Okay. Don't tell me. Fine.
Dr. Stephen Strange: People used to think I was funny. 
Dr. Stephen Strange, Wong: Did that work for you?
Harold Meachum: I have no idea what an "iron fist" is. Sounds like a sex toy.
Danny Rand: I've been doing this for 15 years. 
Claire Temple: But not against the Hand. 
Danny Rand: I know. You're right. The Hand was a myth drummed into me. I've never met them face-to-face. 
Claire Temple: So, you're saying I have more experience fighting the Hand than you do? 
Danny Rand: Well, if you wanna get technical about it...
Peter Quill: You look like Mary Poppins. 
Yondu: Is he cool? 
Peter Quill: Hell yeah, he's cool. 
Yondu: I'm Mary Poppins, y'all!
Yondu: He may have been your father, boy, but he wasn't your daddy.
Mantis: It's beautiful. 
Drax: It is. And so are you. 
Drax: On the inside.
Baby Groot: I am Groot. 
Yondu: What's that? 
Rocket: He says, "Welcome to the frickin' Guardians of the Galaxy." Only he didn't use "frickin'."
Peter Quill: You shouldn't have killed my mom and squished my Walkman.
Peter Quill: Sometimes, the thing you've been looking for your whole life is right there beside you all along. 
Drax: You're right!
Drax: There are two types of beings in the universe, those who dance, and those who do not.
Kraglin: What are you gonna do with your share? 
Nebula: As a child, my father would have Gamora and me battle one another in training. Every time my sister prevailed... my father would replace a piece of me with machinery, claiming he wanted me to be her equal. But she won... again and again, and again, never once refraining. So after I murder my sister, I will buy a warship with every conceivable instrument of death. I will hunt my father like a dog, and I will tear him apart slowly... piece by piece, until he knows some semblance of the profound and unceasing pain I knew every single day. 
Kraglin: Yeah... I was talking about, like, a pretty necklace. Or a nice hat. You know. Something to make the other girls go "Ooh, that's nice."
Rocket: Does anybody have any tape out there? I wanna put some tape over the death button. 
Peter Quill: I don't have any tape. Let me check. Yo, Yondu, do you have any. Ow! Do you have any tape?... Gamora? Do you have any tape? Tape! Ah, never mind. Ow! Drax, do you have any tape? Yes, Scotch tape would work... Then why did you ask me if Scotch tape would work, if you don't have any? Nobody has any tape! 
Rocket: Not a single person has tape? 
Peter Quill: Nope! 
Rocket: Did you ask Nebula? 
Peter Quill: Yes! 
Rocket: Are you sure? 
Peter Quill: I asked Yondu and she was sitting right next to him. 
Rocket: I knew you were lying! 
Peter Quill: You have priceless batteries and an atomic bomb in your bag. If anybody's gonna have tape, it's *you*! 
Rocket: That's exactly my point! I have to do everything! 
Peter Quill: You are wasting a lot of time here! 
Rocket: We're all gonna die.
Rocket: So, we're saving the galaxy, again? 
Peter Quill: I guess. 
Rocket: Awesome! We're really gonna be able to jack up our prices if we're two-time galaxy savers.
Gamora: Groot, get out of the way! You're gonna get hurt! 
Gamora: Hi.
Peter Quill: Well, you may not be mortal, but me... 
Ego: No, Peter... death will remain a stranger to both of us, as long as the light burns within the planet. 
Peter Quill: I'm immortal? 
Ego: Mmm-hmm. 
Peter Quill: Really? 
Ego: Yes! As long as the light exists. 
Peter Quill: And, I could use the light to build cool things like, how you made this whole planet? 
Ego: Well, it might take you a few million years of practice before you get really good at it. But, yes! 
Peter Quill: What! This is... Well, get ready for a 800-foot statue of Pac-Man with Skeletor and Heather Locklear... 
Ego: You can do anything you want. 
Peter Quill: I'm gonna make some weird shit.
Peter Quill: What is it? 
Kraglin: It's called a Zune. It's what everybody's listening to on Earth nowadays.
Drax: This gross bug lady is my new friend.
Peter Quill: And now I know how Yondu felt.
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: He hates hats. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: On anyone, not just himself. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: One minute you think someone has a weird-shaped head, the next minute it's just because you realize part of that head is the hat. 
Rocket: That's why you don't like hats?
Drax: Mantis, look out!
Ego: I created what I imagined biological life to be like... down to the most minute detail. 
Drax: Did you make a penis? 
Peter Quill: Dude! 
Gamora: What is wrong with you? 
Drax: If he's a planet, how could he make a baby with your mother? He would smush her! 
Peter Quill: I don't need to hear how my parents... 
Drax: Why? My father would tell the story of impregnating my mother every winter solstice. 
Peter Quill: That's disgusting. 
Drax: It was beautiful. You earthers have hang-ups. 
Ego: Yes, Drax, I got a penis. 
Drax: Ha! Thank you! 
Ego: It's not half bad.
Rocket: All right, first you flick this switch, then this switch. That activates it. Then you push this button, which will give you five minutes to get out of there. Now, whatever you do, don't push *this* button, because that will set off the bomb immediately and we'll all be dead. Now, repeat back what I just said. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: Uh-huh. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: That's right. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: No! No, that's the button that will kill everyone! Try again. 
Groot: Hmm. I am Groot. 
Rocket: Mmm-hmm. 
Groot: I am Groot? 
Rocket: Uh-huh. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: No! That's exactly what you just said! How is that even possible? Which button is the button you're supposed to push? Point to it. 
Rocket: *No*!
The Form of David Hasselhoff: In times of hardship, just remember:  We. Are. Groot.
Yondu: You like a professional asshole or what? 
Rocket: Pretty much a pro.
Nebula: Look at you, a Garden of the Galaxy! 
Gamora: It's Guardian! Why would I be a Garden of the Galaxy?
Ego: Listen to me! You are a god. If you kill me, you'll be just like everybody else! 
Peter Quill: What's so wrong with that? 
Ego: *No*!
Rocket: You people have issues. 
Peter Quill: Well, of course I have issues. That's my freakin' father!
Yondu: I don't use my head to fly the arrow, boy! I use my heart.
Mantis: The crabby puppy is so cute. He makes me wanna die!
Rocket: I'm sorry. I am so sorry! I just keep imagining you waking up in the morning, sir, looking in the mirror and then in all seriousness saying to yourself... 
Rocket: "You know what would be a really kick-ass name? Taserface!" 
Rocket: That's how I hear you in my head! What was your second choice? "Scrotum Hat"?
Nebula: All any of you do is yell at each other. You're not friends. 
Drax: You're right... We're family.
Peter Quill: I told Gamora how when I was a kid I used to pretend David Hasselhoff was my dad. He's a singer and actor from Earth, really famous guy. Earlier, it struck me... Yondu didn't have a talking car, but he did have a flying arrow. He didn't have the beautiful voice of an angel, but he did have the whistle of one. Both Yondu and David Hasselhoff went on kick-ass adventures and hooked up with hot women, and fought robots... I guess David Hasselhoff did kind of end up being my dad after all. Only it was you, Yondu. 
Peter Quill: I had a pretty cool dad. What I'm trying to say here is... sometimes that *thing* you're searching for your whole life... is right there by your side all along. And you don't even know it.
Drax: How did you get to this weird dumb planet? 
Mantis: Ego found me in my larva state. Orphaned on my home world. He raised me by hand, and kept me as his own. 
Drax: So you're a pet. 
Mantis: I suppose. 
Drax: People usually want cute pets. Why would Ego want such a hideous one? 
Mantis: I am hideous? 
Drax: You are horrifying to look at. Yes. Bu-But that's a good thing. 
Mantis: Oh? 
Drax: When you're ugly, and someone loves you, you know they love you for who you are... Beautiful people never know who to trust. 
Mantis: Well, then I'm certainly grateful to be ugly.
Drax: Ow! My nipples!
Mantis: When I touch someone I can feel their feelings. 
Mantis: You feel... love! 
Peter Quill: Yeah, I guess - Yeah, I feel a general unselfish love for everyone. 
Mantis: No. *Sexual* love... 
Peter Quill: No. No, I don't. 
Mantis: ... for her! 
Peter Quill: No! 
Drax: She just told everyone you deepest, darkest secret! 
Peter Quill: Dude! Come on! I think you're reacting a little bit! 
Drax: You must be so embarrassed! 
Drax: Do me! Do me! Do me!
Yondu: I'm sorry I didn't do none of it right, but I'm damn proud you're my boy.
Peter Quill: You put your turd in my bed, I shave you. 
Rocket: Oh, it won't be my turd. It'll be Drax's. 
Drax: I have famously huge turds.
Rocket: Do you know why I did it, Star-Munch? Hmm? 
Peter Quill: I'm not gonna answer to "Star-Munch." 
Rocket: I did it because I wanted to! 
Peter Quill: Dick. 
Rocket: What are we even talking about this for? We just had a little man save us by blowing up fifty ships! 
Drax: How little? 
Rocket: Well, I don't know, like this? 
Gamora: A little one-inch man saved us? 
Rocket: Well, if he got closer, I'm sure he would be much larger. 
Peter Quill: It's how eyesight works, you stupid raccoon. 
Rocket: *Don't call me a racoon*! 
Peter Quill: I'm sorry. I took it too far. I meant trash panda. 
Rocket: Is that better? 
Drax: I don't know. 
Peter Quill: It's worse. It's so much worse.
Kraglin: I didn't mean to do a mutiny... They killed all my friends.
Watcher Informant: Oh, man. Anyway, before I was so rudely interrupted. At that time, I was a Federal Express man...
Gamora: What if this man *is* your Hasselhoff?
Drax: The beast's hide is too thick to be pierced from the outside. I must cut through it from the inside. 
Gamora: Huh?... No, no! Drax, wait a minute! *Drax*! 
Peter Quill: What is he doing? 
Gamora: He said the skin is too thick to be pierced on the outside. So he... 
Peter Quill: But, that doesn't make any sense! 
Gamora: I tried telling him that! 
Peter Quill: Skin is the same level of thickness from the inside as from the outside! 
Gamora: I *realize* that.
Yondu: You can go to hell, then! I don't give a damn what you think of me! 
Stakar Ogord: So what are you following us for? 
Yondu: Because you're gonna listen to what I gotta say! 
Stakar Ogord: I don't gotta listen to nothing! You betrayed the code! Ravagers don't deal in kids. 
Yondu: I told you before! I didn't know what was going on! 
Stakar Ogord: You didn't know because you didn't want to know because it made you rich.
Drax: What are they called again? 
Peter Quill: Anulax batteries. 
Drax: Harbulary batteries. 
Peter Quill: That's nothing like what I just said.
Kraglin: Captain? 
Yondu: What is it Kraglin? 
Kraglin: Hey, remember that Ayesha chick? 
Yondu: Yeah, why? 
Kraglin: Uh... 
Yondu: Oh, hell!
Peter Quill: This is weird. We've got a Sovereign fleet approaching from the rear. 
Gamora: Why would they do that? 
Drax: Probably because Rocket stole some of their batteries. 
Rocket: Dude! 
Drax: Right... He didn't steal some of those. I don't know why they're after us. What a mystery this is.
Mantis: If I touch someone, I can feel their feelings. 
Peter Quill: You read minds? 
Mantis: No. Telepaths know thoughts. Empaths feel feelings. Emotions. 
Mantis: May I? 
Peter Quill: All right. 
Mantis: You feel... love. 
Peter Quill: Yeah. I guess, yeah, I feel a general, unselfish love for just about everybody... 
Mantis: No! Romantic, sexual love. 
Peter Quill: No. No, I don't. 
Mantis: For her! 
Peter Quill: No, no. No, I don't. 
Mantis: For her. 
Peter Quill: No! That is not... 
Peter Quill: Okay... That's... 
Drax: She just told everyone your deepest, darkest secret! 
Peter Quill: Dude, come on, I think you're overreacting a little bit. 
Drax: You must be so embarrassed! 
Drax: Do me! Do me! Do me! 
Mantis: I've never felt such humor! 
Peter Quill: So unbelievably uncool. 
Drax: Oh, Quill... 
Gamora: Touch me, and the *only* thing you're gonna feel is a broken jaw.
Stakar Ogord: You know, it's a shame that it took the tragedy of losing Yondu to bring us all together again. But I think he'd be proud knowing that we're back as a team. 
Charlie-27: I'm in. 
Martinex: Dope. 
Mainframe: I miss you guys so much! 
Aleta Ogord: Hell yes. 
Stakar Ogord: What say we steal some shit?
Yondu: You can fool yourself and everyone else, but you can't fool me. I know who you are. 
Rocket: You don't know anything about me, loser. 
Yondu: I know everything about you. I know you play like you're the meanest and the hardest but actually you're the most scared of all. 
Rocket: Shut up! 
Yondu: I know you steal batteries you don't need and you push away anyone who's willing to put up with you 'cause just a little bit of love reminds you of how big and empty that hole inside you actually is. 
Rocket: I said shut up! 
Yondu: I know them scientists what made you, never gave a rat's ass about you! 
Rocket: I'm serious, dude! 
Yondu: Just like my own damn parents who sold me, their own little baby, into slavery. I know who you are, boy. Because you're me! 
Rocket: ...What kind of a pair are we? 
Yondu: The kind that's about to go fight a planet, I reckon. 
Rocket: All right, okay! Good, that's... Wait. Fight a what?
Peter Quill: You said you loved my mother. 
Ego: And that I did. My river lily who knew all the words to every song that came over the radio. I returned to Earth to see her three times. And I knew if I returned a fourth, well, I'd... I'd never leave. The Expansion... the reason for my very existence would be over. So, I did what I had to do. But... it broke my heart to put that tumor in her head. 
Peter Quill: What? 
Ego: Now, now, all right, I know that sounds bad... 
Ego: Who... in the *hell*... do you think you are? 
Peter Quill: *You killed my mother*! 
Ego: I tried *so hard* to find the form... 
The Form of David Hasselhoff: ... that best *suited you*... and this is the thanks I get? 
Ego: You really need to *grow up*. 
Ego: I wanted to do this together... but I suppose you'll have to learn by spending the next thousand years as a *battery*!
Sovereign Chambermaid: High Priestess, the Council is waiting. 
Ayesha: They are perturbed I've wasted our resources. When they see what I have created here... their wrath will dissipate. 
Sovereign Chambermaid: Is this a new type of birthing pod, ma'am? 
Ayesha: That, my child, is the next step in our evolution. More powerful, more beautiful, more capable of *destroying* the Guardians of the Galaxy. I think I shall call him... Adam.
Rocket: What was your second choice? Scrotum Hat?
Groot: I am Groot.
Rocket: He didn't chase them away. 
Peter Quill: No. 
Rocket: Even though he yelled at them, and was always mean... And he stole batteries he didn't need. 
Peter Quill: Well, of course not.
Mantis: He's coming. 
Drax: Didn't you say you could make him sleep? 
Mantis: When he wants! He's too powerful! I can't! 
Drax: You don't have to believe in yourself, because I believe in you! 
Mantis: SLEEP! 
Drax: I never thought she'd be able to do it; with as skinny and weak as she appears to be.
Drax: Die, spaceship!
Yondu: This is gonna hurt! 
Nebula: Promises, promises.
Yondu: It ain't healthy for a mammalian body to hop more than 50 jumps at a time. 
Rocket: I know that. 
Yondu: We're about to do 700!
Rocket: You know, they told me you people were conceited douchebags, but that isn't true at all. 
Rocket: Oh shit. I'm using my wrong eye again, aren't I? I'm sorry. That was meant to be behind your back.
Gamora: Can we put the bickering on hold until *after* we survive this massive space battle?
Martinex: He didn't let us down after all, Captain? 
Stakar Ogord: No, he did not, son. He did not. 
Charlie-27: Fare thee well, old friend. 
Aleta Ogord: Yondu Odonta, I will see you in the stars.
Gamora: You own a planet and can destroy two dozen spaceships without a suit. What are you exactly? 
Ego: I'm what's called a Celestial, sweetheart.
Yondu: Hey, there, jackass!
Yondu: I ain't done nothing right in my whole life Rat. You gotta give me this.
Watcher Informant: Hey, fellas. Hey, wait, where you going? Hey, you were supposed to be my lift home. How will I get outta here? Hey! Aw, gee. I've got so many more stories to tell. Aw, guys. Oh, gee.
Nebula: I win. I win. I bested you in combat. 
Gamora: No. I saved your life. 
Nebula: Well, you were stupid enough to let me live. 
Gamora: You let me live! 
Nebula: I don't need you always trying to beat me! 
Gamora: I'm not the one that just flew across the universe just because I wanted to win. 
Nebula: Do not tell me what I want. 
Gamora: I don't need to tell you what you want! It's obvious! 
Nebula: You were the one who wanted to win. And *I* just wanted a sister! 
Nebula: You were all I had. But you were the one who needed to win. Thanos pulled my eye from my head... and my brain from my skull... and my arm from my body... because of you.
Rocket: I'm Sorry. I can only afford to lose one friend today.
Ayesha: Every citizen is born exactly as designed by the community. Impeccable, both physically and mentally. We control the DNA of our progeny, germinating them in birthing pods. 
Peter Quill: I guess I prefer to make people the old-fashioned way. 
Ayesha: Well, Perhaps someday, you could give me a history lesson in the archaic ways of our ancestors. For academic purposes.
Drax: Out of the way, dumber smaller Groot!
Ayesha: Just who the hell do you think you are? 
Peter Quill: Well...
Drax: Yes! I have single-handedly vanquished the beast!
Gamora: Nebula... I was a child like you. I was concerned with staying alive until the next day, every day. And I never considered what Thanos was doing to you. I'm trying to make it right. There are little girls like you across the universe who are in danger. You can stay with us and help them. 
Nebula: I will help them by killing Thanos.
Peter Quill: What is your goal here? To get everyone to hate you? Because it's working.
Drax: Screw you, spaceship!
Zylak's Frenemy: You suck, Zylak.
Gamora: You will always be my sister.
Stakar Ogord: If you think... I take pleasure... in exiling you... you're wrong. You broke all our hearts.
Meredith Quill: I can't believe I fell in love with a spaceman.
Gamora: What was that story you told me about Zardu Hasselfrau? 
Peter Quill: Who? 
Gamora: He owned a magic boat? 
Peter Quill: David Hasselhoff? 
Gamora: Right. 
Peter Quill: Not a magic boat. A talking car. 
Gamora: Why did he talk again? 
Peter Quill: To help him fight crime, and to be supportive!
Peter Quill: Ohh! Dude! Seriously? You've gotta clean up your room, it's a complete mess! 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Peter Quill: I'm not boring, you're boring! You know what's boring? Sitting there, playing that mind-numbing game, what's boring is me, tripping over your vines every day. I'm not boring! 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Peter Quill: And now, I know how Yondu felt.
Howard the Duck: So how about a round with the duck?
Drax: Those pools, they remind me of a time when I took my daughter to the forgotten lakes of my home world. She was like you. 
Mantis: Disgusting? 
Drax: Innocent.
Peter Quill: Showtime, a-holes!
Rocket: "My nipples hurt. Oh, goodness me!"
Gamora: Drax, why aren't you wearing one of Rocket's Aero-Rigs? 
Drax: It hurts. 
Gamora: Hurts? 
Drax: I have sensitive nipples.
Nebula: I'm hungry. Hand me some of that yaro root. 
Gamora: No. It's not ripe yet... and I hate you.
Gamora: WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE? 
Drax: Gamora, let her go! 
Gamora: The bodies in the cavern, WHAT ARE THEY? 
Mantis: You are scared... 
Gamora: What did you do to me? 
Drax: She already told me everything.
Rocket: It's a day for dumbass names.
Drax: You just need to find a woman who is pathetic... like you.
Rocket: I was cybernetically engineered to pilot a spacecraft. 
Peter Quill: You were cybernetically engineered to be a douchebag!
Gamora: Where's Peter?... Rocket, WHERE IS HE?... Rocket. LOOK AT ME! WHERE IS HE? 
Gamora: No! I'm not leaving without him! 
Rocket: I'm sorry. I can only afford to lose one friend today. KRAGLIN, GO! 
Drax: Wait. Is Quill back? 
Drax: Rocket, where's Quill? ROCKET, WHERE'S QUILL? ROCKET, WHERE'S QUILL?
Taserface: You're the one what killed those men... by leading them down the wrong path. Because you're weak. 
Taserface: And stupid! 
Taserface: It's time for the Ravagers to rise once again to glory with a new captain... Taserface!
Ego: Soon, Peter, we will be all there is. So stop pissing me off!
Gamora: There's no unspoken thing.
Mantis: Drax! We need to talk! 
Drax: I'm sorry... but I like a woman with some meat on her bones. 
Mantis: What? 
Drax: I tried to let you down easily by telling you you were downright disgusting. 
Mantis: What are you doing? 
Drax: Ugh... I'm imagining... being with you physically 
Mantis: Drax! That's not what I... I don't like you like that! I don't even mate with the... type of thing you are! 
Drax: Hey! There's no need to get personal. 
Mantis: Listen! Ego has gotten exactly what he wanted. I should have told you earlier. I am stupid! You are in danger!
Peter Quill: I thought your thing was a sword? 
Gamora: We've been hired to stop an inter-dimensional beast from feeding on those batteries and I'm going to stop it with a sword? 
Peter Quill: It's just... swords were your thing and guns were mine, but... I guess we're both doing guns now. I just didn't know that.
Taserface: That Priestess offered us a million! A quarter is only... one-third of that!
Gamora: Either one of you could have gotten us through that field... had you flown with what's between your ears instead of what's between your legs! 
Peter Quill: If what's between my legs had a hand on it... I guarantee I could have landed this ship with it.
Yondu: Psst! Hey, twig! Come here. Come on. 
Rocket: Aw, man... what did they do to you? 
Yondu: Hey, you wanna help us get outta here? 
Yondu: There's something I need you to get, and bring back to me. In the captain's quarters, there's a prototype fin... the thing I wore on my head. There's a drawer next to the bunk. It's in that. It's red. You got it? 
Yondu: That's my underwears. 
Rocket: Yeah, I was pretty sure he didn't know what you were talkin' about. You have to explain it more careful. 
Yondu: It's a prototype fin. 
Rocket: That's an orloni. It's a fin, Groot. 
Yondu: You explain it this time. 
Rocket: All right. 
Yondu: That's Vorker's eye. He takes it out when he sleeps. Go. Look again. 
Rocket: But leave the eye here. 
Yondu: Why? 
Rocket: He's gonna wake up tomorrow... and he's not gonna know... where his eye is! Ha-ha-ha! 
Yondu: That's a desk. 
Rocket: We told you it was this big. 
Rocket: Tell me you guys have a refrigerator somewhere... with a bunch of severed human toes. 
Rocket: Okay. Then let's just agree to never discuss this. 
Yondu: The drawer you wanna open has this symbol on it. Okay? 
Yondu: What? No! 
Rocket: He thinks you want him to wear it as a hat. 
Yondu: That's not what I said! 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: He's relieved you don't want him to. 
Groot: I am Groot.
Nebula: Get over it!
Nebula: I assure you. I am not as easy a mark as an old man without hs magic stick or a talking woodland beast.
Ego: I hired Yondu to pick you up after your mother passed away. But, instead of returning you, Yondu kept you. I have no clue as to why. 
Peter Quill: I'll tell ya why; I was a skinny little kid who could slip into places adults couldn't. Made it easier for thieving. 
Ego: Well, I've been trying to track you down ever since. 
Drax: I thought Yondu was your father. 
Peter Quill: What? You're trying to tell me that this whole time, you thought Yondu was my actual blood relative? 
Drax: You look exactly alike! 
Rocket: *One's blue!* 
Peter Quill: No, he's not my father! Yondu was the guy who abducted me, kicked the crap out of me so I could learn to fight, and kept me in terror by threatening to eat me. 
Ego: Eat you? 
Peter Quill: Yeah. 
Ego: Oh, that son of a bitch!
Sovereign Operator: Who is this? 
Taserface: I am sending you the coordinates for Yondu's ship. I only ask one thing. That your High Priestess, tell him the name of the man what sealed his fate... Taserface.
Nebula: We need to get off this planet.
Yondu: I was a Kree battle slave for twenty years when Stakar freed me. He offered me a place with the Ravagers. Said all I needed to do was adhere to the code. But I was young... and greedy, and stupid. Like you stealing those batteries. 
Rocket: That was mostly Drax. 
Yondu: Me and Stakar and the other captains... we weren't so different from you and your friends. The only family I ever had. But I broke the code... they exiled me. This is what I deserve.
Ayesha: Don't screw with the Sovereign.
Peter Quill: Doesn't eternity get boring? 
Ego: Not if you have a purpose, Peter... which is why you're here.
Ego: I call it the Expansion. It is my purpose, and now it is yours as well. 
Peter Quill: It's beautiful. 
Ego: Over thousands of years I implanted thousands of extensions of myself on thousands of worlds. I need to fulfill life's one true purpose... To grow and spread, covering *all* that exists until everything is... me.
Rocket: You're smiling. And for a second, I got a warm feeling. But then it was ruined by those disgusting-ass teeth.
Nebula: *Idiots*!
Taserface: New plan! We're killing you first! 
Rocket: Well, dying is certainly better than having to live an entire life as a moronic shitbag who thinks 'Taserface' is a cool name.
Rocket: Whoa! Whoa. There must be some kind of peaceful resolution to this, fellas... or even a violent one where I'm standing over there.
Gef: What about this little plant? Can I smash it with a rock? 
Taserface: No, Gef. It's too adorable to kill. Take it to the tailor.
Gamora: We need to find Peter now and get off this damn planet. 
Mantis: Ego will have won him to his side by now. He has a way... 
Nebula: Then we just go! 
Gamora: No! He's our friend. 
Nebula: All any of you do is yell at each other. You are not friends. 
Drax: You're right. We're family. We leave no one behind. 
Drax: Except maybe you. 
Nebula: Oh, my God.
Rocket: He hates hats. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: On anyone, not just himself. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket: One minute you think someone has a weird-shaped head... the next minute it's just because you realize part of that head is the hat. That's why you don't like hats? 
Yondu: This is an important conversation right now? 
Kraglin: That ain't it. 
Kraglin: I didn't mean to do a mutiny. They killed all my friends. 
Yondu: Get the third quadrant ready for release. 
Rocket: One more thing. 
Rocket: You got any clones of Quill's old music on the ship?
Peter Quill: Guess I should be glad I was a skinny kid. Otherwise, you'd have delivered me to this maniac. 
Yondu: You still reckon that's the reason I kept you around, you idiot? 
Peter Quill: That's what you told me, you old doofus. 
Yondu: Once I figured out what happened to them other kids, I wasn't just gonna hand you over! 
Peter Quill: You said you were going to eat me! 
Yondu: That was being funny. 
Peter Quill: Not to me!
Drax: You Remind me of my daughter 
Mantis: Oh. is she disgusting? 
Drax: She is Innocent!
Ego: She works layin' whiskey down; She serves them whiskey and wine, what a good wife you would be...
Ego: I promise you... it's unlike any other place you've ever seen. And there... I can explain your very... special heritage. Finally get to be... the father I've always wanted to be... Excuse me. I've gotta take a whiz.
Ego: It's fortuitous that you're listening to this song. 
Peter Quill: You know...? 
Ego: 'Brandy' by Looking Glass. A favorite of your mom's. One of Earth's greatest musical compositions; perhaps its very greatest. 
Peter Quill: Yeah. 
Ego: You and I, Peter, we're the sailor in the song. 
Ego: He came on a summer's day / Bringing gifts from far away - like the child I put in your mother, or the freedom you brought Gamora. 
Ego: Brandy, you're a fine girl / What a good wife you would be / But my life, my love, my lady is the sea. The sea calls the sailor back. He loves the girl, but that's not his place.
Howard the Duck: You know what they say..."You're out of luck until you've gone duck."
'Down There!': Down there!
Meredith Quill: There's a girl in this harbor town / And she works layin' whiskey down / They say, Brandy, fetch another round / She serves them whiskey and wine / The sailors say, Brandy, you're a fine girl.
Peter Quill: My mother told everyone my father was from the stars. She had brain cancer, so everyone thought she was delusional. 
Ego: Peter... 
Peter Quill: Listen, I'd love to believe all of this, I really would. But you left the most wonderful woman ever to die alone. 
Ego: I didn't want to leave your mother, Peter. If I don't return regularly return to my planet and the light within it, this form will wither and perish. 
Peter Quill: So why didn't you come back? Why did you send Yondu? A criminal, of all people, to come and fetch me? 
Ego: I loved your mother, Peter! I couldn't stand to set foot on an Earth where she wasn't living! You can't imagine what that's like! 
Peter Quill: I know exactly what that feels like! I had to watch her die! 
Ego: Over the millions and millions of years of my existence, I've made many mistakes, Peter. But you're not one of them. Please give me the chance to be the father she would want me to be.
Text: Missouri. Earth. 1980.
Mantis: The crabby puppy is so cute, he makes me want to die!
Yondu: So why'd Ego want you here? 
Peter Quill: He needs my genetic connection to The Light to help destroy the universe. He tried to teach me how to control the power. 
Yondu: So could you? 
Peter Quill: A little... I made a ball. 
Yondu: A ball? 
Peter Quill: I thought as hard as I could, that's all I could come up with. 
Yondu: You 'thought'? You think when I make this arrow fly, I use my head?
Rocket: So, we're saving the galaxy again? 
Peter Quill: I guess. 
Rocket: Awesome! We'll really be able to jack up our prices if we're two-time galaxy savers! 
Peter Quill: I seriously can't believe THAT is where your mind goes! 
Rocket: It was just a random thought, man! I thought we were friends! Of course care about the planets and the buildings and all of the animals on the planets. 
Peter Quill: And the people. 
Rocket: Eh.
Ego: 'My life, my love, my lady is the sea.' Peter... this is The Sea.
Ned Leeds: Peter, are you okay? 
Spider-Man: Yeah. Just keep trying to get through to Happy. 
Ned Leeds: It's been an honor, Spider-Man. 
Ms. Warren: What are you doing here? There's a dance. 
Ned Leeds: Uh... 
Ned Leeds: I'm... looking... at porn.
Tony Stark: Can't you just be a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man?
Spider-Man: Wait a minute... You guys aren't the real Avengers! I can tell. Hulk gives it away.
Mr. Delmar: His aunt is a beautiful Italian woman! 
Peter Parker: How's your daughter?
Peter Parker: I'm sick of Mr. Stark treating me like a kid. 
Ned Leeds: But you are a kid. 
Peter Parker: Yeah. A kid who can stop a bus with his bare hands.
Peter Parker: I've gotta go. 
Michelle: Where are you going? 
Michelle: What are you hiding, Peter? 
Michelle: I'm just kidding. I don't care. Bye.
Ned Leeds: Can you summon an army of spiders? 
Peter Parker: No, man!
Mr. Harrington: It would be terrible to lose a student... 
Mr. Harrington: ...on a school trip... 
Mr. Harrington: ...again.
Adrian Toomes: You need to understand, I will do anything to protect my family. I know you know what I'm talking about. So don't mess with me. Don't interfere in my business again. Because I will kill you and anyone you care about.
Tony Stark: Previously on "Peter Screws the Pooch", I tell you to stay away from this. Instead, you hacked a multi-million dollar suit so you could sneak around behind my back doing the *one thing* I told you not to do. 
Peter Parker: Is everyone okay? 
Tony Stark: No thanks to you. 
Peter Parker: No thanks to me? Those weapons were out there and I tried to tell you about it, but you didn't listen. None of this would've happened if you had just listened to me! If you even cared, you'd actually be here. 
Tony Stark: I did listen, kid. Who do you think called the FBI, huh? Do you know that I was the only one who believed in you? Everyone else said I was *crazy* to recruit a 14-year-old kid. 
Peter Parker: I'm 15. 
Tony Stark: No, this is where you ZIP IT, alright? The adult is talking! What if somebody had died tonight? Different story, right? 'Cause that's on *you*. And if you died, I feel like that's on me. I don't need that on my conscience. 
Peter Parker: Yes, sir, I... 
Tony Stark: Yes. 
Peter Parker: I'm sorry. In sorry. 
Tony Stark: "Sorry" doesn't cut it. 
Peter Parker: I understand. I just wanted to be like you. 
Tony Stark: And I wanted you to be better. Okay, it's not working out. I'm gonna need the suit back. 
Peter Parker: For how long? 
Tony Stark: Forever. 
Peter Parker: No! No, no, no! Please, please, please! 
Tony Stark: Let's have it. 
Peter Parker: You don't understand! This is all I have! I'm nothing without this suit! 
Tony Stark: If you're nothing without this suit, then you shouldn't have it, okay? God, I sound like my dad. 
Peter Parker: I don't have any other clothes. 
Tony Stark: Okay, we'll sort that out.
Adrian Toomes: Eight years without any trouble from those bozos over at Stark Tower, and then this little bastard in red tights shows up, and he thinks he can tear down everything I've built. We're gonna put 'em outta business! We're gonna take everything they got!
May Parker: You need to stop carrying the weight of the world on your shoulders.
May Parker: I know you left detention today. I know you left the decathlon. I know you sneak out of this house every night and that is not okay. Peter, what is going on with you? You can tell me! Just you and me. I promise.
Mac Gargan: Rumor has it that you know who he is. 
Adrian Toomes: If I knew who he was, he'd already be dead.
Peter Parker: Wow, they're in the middle of a heist! I could catch them all red-handed, this is awesome! Okay, I'm gonna get a little closer so I can see what's happening. 
Karen: Would you like me to engage Enhanced Combat Mode? 
Peter Parker: Enhanced Combat Mode? Yeah! 
Karen: Activating Instant-Kill. 
Peter Parker: What? No, no, no, I don't wanna kill anybody! 
Karen: Deactivating Instant-Kill. 
Peter Parker: What the hell just happened? 
Karen: You jumped off a sign and landed on your face.
Adrian Toomes: Peter, you're young. You don't understand how the world works. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, but I understand that selling weapons to criminals is wrong! 
Adrian Toomes: How do you think your buddy Stark paid for that tower, or any of his little toys? Those people, Pete, those people up there, the rich and the powerful, they do whatever they want. Guys like us, like you and me... they don't care about us. We build their roads and we fight all their wars and everything. They don't care about us. We have to pick up after them. We have to eat their table scraps. That's how it is. I know you know what I'm talking about, Peter. 
Peter Parker: Why are you telling me this? 
Adrian Toomes: 'Cause I want you to understand. And... I needed a little time to get her airborne.
Adrian Toomes: The rich, the powerful, like Stark, they don't care about us! The world's changed boys, time we change too!
Adrian Toomes: How many times have I told you not to fire them out in the open? 
Jackson Brice: You said to move the merchandise! 
Adrian Toomes: Under the radar! Under the radar! If you bring Damage Control or the Avengers down here, we're through! You're out there, wearing that goofy thing like Mel Carbs, calling yourself the Shocker! "I'm the Shocker! I shock people!" What is this, Pro Wrestling?
Peter Parker: So, to become an Avenger, is there like trials or an interview? 
Tony Stark: Just don't do anything I *would* do. 
Tony Stark: And definitely don't do anything I wouldn't do. 
Tony Stark: There's a little gray area in there and that's where you operate. 
Peter Parker: Oh... 
Tony Stark: Alright? 
Tony Stark: That's not a hug, I'm just grabbing the door for you. 
Tony Stark: All right, kid. Good luck out there.
Peter Parker: I can't make it to the Decathlon next week. I have the Stark Internship. 
Abe: Oh, no. 
Michelle: Peter's not going to Nationals. 
Abe: Why not? 
Liz: Really, before Nationals? 
Michelle: Figures. He's already bailed out on marching band and robotics club. 
Michelle: I'm not obsessed with him, I'm just super observant.
Tony Stark: Sorry I took your suit. I mean, you had it coming. Actually, it turns out it was the perfect sort of tough love moment that you needed, right? To urge you on, right? Wouldn't you think? Don't you think? 
Peter Parker: Gee, I, I... 
Tony Stark: Let's just say it was. 
Peter Parker: Mr. Stark, I'm... 
Tony Stark: You screwed the pooch hard. Big time. But then you did the right thing:  you took the dog to the free clinic, you raised the hybrid puppies... alright, not my best analogy. I was wrong about you. I think with a little more mentoring, you could be a real asset to the team. 
Peter Parker: To the, to the... to the team? 
Tony Stark: Yeah! Anyway, there's about 50 reporters behind that door, real ones, not bloggers, so when you're ready... 
Tony Stark: Why don't you try that on... and I'll introduce the world to the newest official member of the Avengers:  Spider-Man.
Spider-Man: That's going to dissolve in two hours. 
Aaron Davis: No. No, no! You're going to fix this! 
Spider-Man: Two hours! You deserve that! 
Aaron Davis: I've got ice cream! 
Spider-Man: You're a criminal! Bye, Mr. Criminal!
Ned Leeds: You were on the ceiling!
Spider-Man: I got you! 
Karen: This is your chance. Kiss her.
Aaron Davis: Can I give you some advice? You gotta get better at this part of the job.
Gary: Don't make me go down there, punk!
Tony Stark: Listen, I know school sucks. I know you want to save the world. But... you're not ready yet.
Ned Leeds: You're the Spider-Man, from YouTube!
Adrian Toomes: Does she know? 
Peter Parker: Know what? 
Adrian Toomes: So she doesn't, good. Close to the vest, I admire that. I've got a few secrets of my own. Of all the reasons I didn't want my daughter to date! Peter, nothing is more important than family. You saved my daughter's life, and I could never forget something like that, so I'll give you one chance. You ready? You walk through those doors, and you forget any of this happened. And don't you ever, ever interfere with my business again, because if you do, I'll kill you, and everyone that you love. I'll kill you dead. That's what I'll do to protect my family. Pete, you understand? Hey. I just saved your life. Now, what do you say? 
Peter Parker: Thank you. 
Adrian Toomes: You're welcome. Now, you go in there, and you show my daughter a good time, okay? Just not too good.
Herman Schultz: You know, I wasn't too sure about this at first, but... damn!
Spider-Man: You missed! You didn't even hit me! 
Adrian Toomes: Yeah, but then again... I wasn't even trying to.
Street Vendor: Hey! You're that spider guy from TV! 
Spider-Man: Call me Spider-Man. 
Street Vendor: Ok, Spider-Man. Do a flip. 
Street Vendor: YEAH!
Peter Parker: So, to become an Avenger, are there like trials, or an interview.
Aaron Davis: I'm sorry, Miles. I'm not gonna make it... Yeah, I'm stuck.
Gary: I think I know that guy!
Adrian Toomes: That's terrible what happened down there in DC, though. Were you scared? I bet you were glad when your old pal Spider-Man showed up in the elevator, though, huh? 
Peter Parker: Yeah, well, I- I- I actually didn't go up. I saw it all from the ground. Pretty lucky that he was there that day. 
Adrian Toomes: Good old Spider-Man.
Michelle: My friends call me MJ. 
Ned Leeds: I thought you didn't have any friends. 
Michelle: I... didn't.
Peter Parker: No, Spider-Man isn't a party trick! I'm just gonna be myself. 
Ned Leeds: Peter, nobody wants that!
Peter Parker: It is I, Thor, son of Odin!
Flash: I don't know. I got to check my calendar first. I got a hot date with Black Widow coming up. 
Abe: That is false. 
Mr. Harrington: What did I tell you about using the bell for comedic purposes?
Spider-Man: No one has actually told me why I'm in Berlin or what I'm doing. Something about Captain America going crazy.
Pepper Potts: Where's the kid? 
Happy Hogan: He left. 
Pepper Potts: Everybody's waiting. 
Tony Stark: You know what? He actually made a really mature choice. It just surprised the heck out of us. 
Pepper Potts: Did you guys screw this up? 
Tony Stark: He told the kid to go wait in the car. 
Pepper Potts: Are you kidding me? I've got a room full of people in there waiting for some big announcement. What am I gonna tell them? 
Tony Stark: Think of something. How about, um... Hap, you still got that ring? 
Happy Hogan: Do I... I, uh... 
Tony Stark: The engagement ring! 
Happy Hogan: Are you kidding? I've been carrying this since 2008. 
Tony Stark: Okay. 
Pepper Potts: I think I can think of something better than that. 
Tony Stark: Well, it would buy us a little time. 
Tony Stark: Like we need time.
Anne Marie Hoag: Attention, please! In accordance with Executive Order 396-B, all post-battle clean-up operations are now under our jurisdiction. Thank you for your service; we'll take it from here.
Michelle: Excuse me, can we go already? Because I was hoping to get in some light protesting in front of an embassy before dinner. 
Mr. Harrington: Protesting is patriotic.
Adrian Toomes: Things are never gonna be the same. I mean, look at this. You got aliens. You got big green guys tearing down buildings. When I was kid, I used to draw cowboys and Indians. 
Phineas Mason: Actually, it's Native American, but whatever.
Tour Guide: Ok, guys, I know that was scary, but our safety systems are working. 
Karen: The safety systems are completely failing. 
Tour Guide: We're very safe in here. 
Karen: The occupants are in imminent mortal danger.
Steve Rogers: So... you got detention. You screwed up. You know what you did was wrong. The question is, how are you gonna make things right? Maybe you were trying to be cool. But take it from a guy who's been frozen for 65 years... the only way to really be cool is to follow the rules.
Spider-Man: Hey, Happy! Um, here's my report for tonight. I stopped a grand theft bicycle. Couldn't find the owner, so I just left a note. Um... I helped this lost, old Dominican lady. She was really nice and bought me a churro. So I just, um, feel like I could be doing more. You know? Just curious when the next real mission is gonna be. So, yeah, just call me back. It's Peter. Parker. 
Spider-Man: Why would I tell him about the churro?
Steve Rogers: Today, my good friend, your gym teacher will be conducting the Captain America Fitness Challenge. 
Coach Wilson: Thank you, Captain. I'm pretty sure this guy's a war criminal now, but whatever. I have to show these videos. It's required by the state. Let's do it.
Ned Leeds: Do you lay eggs? 
Peter Parker: What? No! 
Ned Leeds: Can you spit venom? 
Peter Parker: No. 
Ned Leeds: Can you summon an army of spiders? 
Peter Parker: No, Ned.
Ned Leeds: Always got that internship. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, well, hopefully, soon it'll lead to a real job with them. 
Ned Leeds: That would be so sweet. 
Peter Parker: Right? 
Ned Leeds: He'd be all, "Good job on those spreadsheets, Peter. Here's a gold coin." 
Ned Leeds: I don't know how jobs work. 
Peter Parker: That's exactly how they work. 
Ned Leeds: Oh.
Peter Parker: We should probably stop staring before it gets weird. 
Michelle: Too late, you guys are losers. 
Ned Leeds: Then why do you sit with us? 
Michelle: Because I don't have any friends.
Spider-Man: It is really cool seeing you guys in person.
Ned Leeds: You got hit by a spider? Can it bite me? Well, it probably would have hurt, right? You know what? Whatever. Even if it did hurt, I'd let it bite me. Maybe. How much did it hurt? 
Peter Parker: The spider's dead, Ned.
Adrian Toomes: You know what? I can't afford your bullshit. Get out of here. 
Jackson Brice: What? 
Adrian Toomes: You're done. You're off the crew. 
Jackson Brice: Yeah, all right. All right. I wonder if you can afford me out there, though, right? With everything I know? 
Adrian Toomes: Excuse me? 
Jackson Brice: Um, I'm just saying... maybe your wife would like to know where you really get your money from. 
Adrian Toomes: You know what? 
Jackson Brice: What? 
Adrian Toomes: You're right. 
Adrian Toomes: That work? 
Phineas Mason: I don't know. 
Phineas Mason: I can't afford that. 
Herman Schultz: Damn. 
Adrian Toomes: I thought this was the anti-gravity gun. 
Phineas Mason: What? No, that's that one. 
Adrian Toomes: Here. Now you're the Shocker. Get out there and find that weapon he lost. 
Herman Schultz: A'ight.
Peter Parker: May, I need your help.
Michelle: My friends are up there!
Tony Stark: Hey, May. How you doing? What are you wearing? Something skimpy, I hope. 
Tony Stark: Peter, that's inappropriate. All right, let's start over. You can edit it.
Betty: Now, see, for me, it would be F Thor, marry Iron Man, and kill Hulk. 
Charles: Well, what about the Spider-Man? 
Betty: It's just Spider-Man. 
Liz: Did you guys see the bank security cam on YouTube? He fought off four guys. 
Betty: Oh my God, she's crushing on Spider-Man. 
Charles: No way. 
Liz: Kind of? 
Betty: Ugh, gross. He's probably like, thirty.
Spider-Man: Hey big guy quit moving around! 
Ned Leeds: I'm sorry, so sorry sir.
Anne Marie Hoag: If you have a grievance you may take it up with my superiors. 
Adrian Toomes: Your superiors and who the hell are they!
Aunt May: What the Fu...
Steve Rogers: Hi, I'm Captain America. Here to talk to you about one of the most valuable traits a student or soldier can have. Patience. Sometimes, patience is the key to victory. Sometimes, it leads to very little, and it seems like it's not worth it, and you wonder why you waited so long for something so disappointing... How many more of these?
Peter Parker: Just a typical homecoming, on the outside of an invisible jet, fighting my girlfriends dad.
Adrian Toomes: Hey, you up for some bourbon, some gin, rum? 
Spider-Man: I'm not old enough to drink. 
Adrian Toomes: Right answer.
Jessica Jones: Nice ears. 
Daredevil: They're horns.
Jessica Jones: You look like an asshole. 
Matt Murdock: It's your scarf.
Korg: Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Korg. I'm kind of like the leader in here. I'm made of rocks, as you can see, but don't let that intimidate you. You don't need to be afraid, unless you're made of scissors! Just a little Rock, Paper, Scissors joke for you.
Surtur: Thor, son of Odin. 
Thor: Surtur! Son of... a bitch! You're still alive! I thought my father killed you like, half a million years ago. 
Surtur: I cannot die. Not until I fulfill my destiny, and lay waste to your home. 
Thor: You know, it's funny you should mention that. Because I've been having these terrible dreams of late! Asgard up in flames. Falling to ruins. And you, Surtur. The center of all of it. 
Surtur: Then you have seen Ragnarok, the fall of Asgard, the great prophecy... 
Thor: Hang on! Hang on. I'll be... back around shortly, you know, I really feel like we were connecting there. Now... okay, so, Ragnarök, tell me about that. Walk me through it. 
Surtur: My time has come when my crown is reunited with the Eternal Flame! I shall be restored to my full might, and will tower over the mountains to bury my sword deep into Asgard! 
Thor: Hang on! Give it a second... I swear, I'm not even moving! It's doing this on its own!
Thor: Hey, let's do 'Get Help'. 
Loki: What? 
Thor: 'Get Help'. 
Loki: No. 
Thor: Come on. You love it. 
Loki: I hate it. 
Thor: It's great. It works every time. 
Loki: It's humiliating. 
Thor: Do you have a better plan? 
Loki: No. 
Thor: We're doing it. 
Loki: We are not doing 'Get Help'. 
Thor: Get help! Please! My brother is dying! Get help! Help him! 
Thor: A classic. 
Loki: I still hate it. It's humiliating. 
Thor: Not for me, it's not.
Thor: How did you end up here? 
Korg: Well, I tried to start a revolution, but didn't print enough pamphlets so hardly anyone turned up. Except for my mum and her boyfriend, who I hate. As punishment, I was forced to be in here and become a gladiator. Bit of a promotional disaster that one, but I'm actually organizing another revolution. I don't know if you'd be interested in something like that? Do you reckon you'd be interested?
Loki: Hello, Bruce. 
Bruce Banner: Last time we saw you, you were trying to kill everyone. What are you up to these days? 
Loki: It varies from moment to moment.
Loki: I have been falling... for 30 minutes!
Thor: She's too strong. Without my hammer, I can't... 
Odin: Are you Thor, the god of hammers?
Hulk: Hulk always... always angry. 
Thor: I know. We're the same, you and I. Just a couple of hot-headed fools. 
Hulk: Yeah, same. Hulk like fire, Thor like water. 
Thor: Well, we're kind of both like fire. 
Hulk: But Hulk like real fire. Like... raging fire. Thor like smouldering fire.
Quinjet Computer: Voice activation required. 
Bruce Banner: Banner. 
Quinjet Computer: Welcome, Strongest Avenger.
Thor: Hey, big guy. Sun's getting real low. I don't want to hurt you anymore. 
Loki: YES! That's what it feels like! 
Loki: I'm just a big fan of the sport.
Korg: Piss off, ghost!
Thor: So much has happened since I last saw you! I lost my hammer, like yesterday, so that's still fresh. Then I went on a journey of self-discovery. Then I met you.
Quinjet Computer: Welcome. Voice activation required. 
Thor: Thor. 
Quinjet Computer: Access denied. 
Thor: Thor, God of Thunder. 
Quinjet Computer: Access denied. 
Thor: Son of Odin. 
Quinjet Computer: Access denied. 
Thor: Strongest Avenger. 
Quinjet Computer: Access denied. 
Thor: Strongest Avenger! 
Quinjet Computer: Access denied. 
Thor: Damn you, Stark. Point Break. 
Quinjet Computer: Welcome, Point Break.
Valkyrie: This team of yours, it got a name? 
Thor: Yeah, it's called the... uh... Revengers!
Loki: I left him right here. 
Thor: You mean on the pavement outside, or actually in the building currently being demolished? 
Loki: How was I supposed to know? I can't see into the future, I'm not a witch! 
Thor: Well, you're dressed like one.
Bruce Banner: I was just talking to him just a couple minutes ago and he was totally ready to kill any of us. 
Valkyrie: He did try to kill me. 
Thor: Yes, me too. On many, many occasions. There was one time when we were children, he transformed himself into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes. So, I went to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he was like, "Blergh, it's me!". And he stabbed me. We were eight at the time.
Thor: If you knew where he was, why didn't you call me? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I had to tell you. He did not want to be disturbed. Your father. He had chosen to remain in exile. And you don't have a phone. 
Thor: No, I don't have a phone but you could have sent me an electronic letter. It's called an email. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah. Do you have a computer? 
Thor: No. What for?
Korg: Hey, man. I'm Korg. We're gonna get outta here. Wanna come?
Thor: Hulk, no! Just for once in your life, don't smash! 
Hulk: But big monster! 
Valkyrie: Hulk, let's go! 
Hulk: Friends.
Thor: A creepy old man cut my hair off!
Thor: Has anyone here fought the Grandmaster's champion? 
Korg: Yeah. Doug has. Hey, Doug. Could you come over here? Oh, yeah, I forgot, Doug's dead. Anyone who fights the Grandmaster's champion perished. You're not actually thinking about fighting him, are you? 
Thor: Yes, I am. I'm gonna fight him, win, and get the hell off this planet! 
Korg: That's exactly what Doug used to say! See you later, New Doug!
Thor: I think we should disband the Revengers. 
Loki: Hit her with a lightning blast. 
Thor: I just hit her with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lightning. It did nothing. 
Valkyrie: We just need to hold her off until everyone's on board. 
Thor: It won't end there. The longer Hela's on Asgard, the more powerful she grows. She'll hunt us down. We need to stop her here and now. 
Valkyrie: So what do we do? 
Loki: I'm not doing 'get help'.
Loki: Surprise! 
Loki: OW!
Thor: I know what you're thinking. "Oh, no. Thor's in a cage. How did this happen?" Well, sometimes you have to get captured just to get a straight answer out of something. It's a long story. Basically, I'm a bit of a hero. See, I've spent some time on Earth... for the record, I saved the planet a couple of times. Then I went searching through the cosmos for a couple of magic colorful Infinity Stone things... but didn't find any. That's when I came across a path of death, and destruction. Which led me all the way here to this cage... where I met you.
Thor: Every time I threw it, it would always come back to me. 
Korg: It sounds like you had a pretty special and intimate relationship with this hammer and that losing it was almost comparable to losing a loved one. 
Thor: That's a nice way of putting it.
Thor: Loki, I thought the world of you. I thought we were going to fight side-by-side forever, but at the end of the day you're you and I'm me and... oh, maybe there's still good in you but... let's be honest, our paths diverged a long time ago. 
Loki: Yeah... it's probably for the best that we'll never see each other again. 
Thor: That's what you always wanted.
Thor: I don't hang with the Avengers anymore. It all got too corporate.
Thor: I am Thor, son of Odin! 
Hela: Really? You don't look like him. 
Loki: Perhaps we can come to an arrangement... 
Hela: YOU sound like him.
Thor: Hela, the goddess of death, has invaded Asgard! And you and I had a fight. 
Bruce Banner: Did I win? 
Thor: No, I won! Easily! 
Bruce Banner: That doesn't sound right... 
Thor: Well, it's true!
Loki: I have to get off this planet!
Skurge: Asgard's treasures... 
Hela: Fake! Most of this stuff is fake anyway. 
Hela: Weak! 
Hela: That's smaller than I expected. 
Hela: That's actually... not bad. 
Hela: Now this... this is truly special.
Thor: You know, I used to want to be a Valkyrie when I was younger, until I found out you were all women. There's nothing wrong with women, of course, I like women. Sometimes a little too much. Not in a creepy way, just more like a respectful appreciation. I think it's great, an elite force of women warriors.
Grandmaster: It's main event time. And now, I give you your Incredible, Astonishingly Savage... 
Thor: YES! 
Thor: Hey, hey! We know each other! He's a friend from work! Where have you been? Everybody thought you were dead! So much has happened since I last saw you. I lost my hammer like, yesterday so that's still pretty fresh. Loki, he's alive! Can you believe it? He's up there. Hey Loki! Look who it is!
Thor: We have to stop her here and now, and prevent Ragnarok, the end of everything! So I'm putting together a team. 
Loki: Like the old days.
Odin: Asgard is not a place, it's a people. And its people need your help.
Surtur: You cannot stop Ragnarok. Why fight it? 
Thor: Because that's what heroes do!
Grandmaster: Hey Sparkles, here's the deal:  you want to get back to ass-place, ass-berg... 
Thor: ASGARD! 
Grandmaster: Any contender who defeats my champion, their freedom they shall win. 
Thor: Fine. Then point me in the direction of whoever's ass I have to kick!
Odin: Even with two eyes, you only see half of the picture.
Grandmaster: ...The champion! The Defending! I give you, your Incredible... 
Loki: I have to get off this planet. 
Grandmaster: Whoa, whoa, where are you going? Sit down. 
Hulk: HULK! HULK! HULK! 
Thor: Hey! Hey! We know each other, he's a friend from work! 
Thor: Where have you been? Everyone thought you were dead! There's so much that's happened since I last saw you! I lost my hammer, like yesterday so that's still pretty fresh. Loki, Lok - Loki's alive, can you believe it? He's up there! 
Thor: Hey, Loki! Look who it is!
Thor: Where's Odin? 
Loki: You just couldn't stay away, could you? Everything was fine without you. Asgard was prospering. You ruined everything! Ask them! 
Thor: Where's Father? Did you kill him? 
Loki: You have what you wanted. You have the independence you asked for. Ah! 
Loki: ouch, ok! I know exactly where he is. 
Loki: I swear I left him right here. 
Thor: Right here on the sidewalk or right here where the building's being demolished? Great planning! 
Loki: How was I supposed to know? I can't the see the future. I'm not a witch. 
Thor: No? Then why are you dressed like one? 
Loki: Hey! 
Thor: I can't believe you're alive! I saw you die. I mourned you. I cried for you. 
Loki: I'm... honored?
Loki: Your savior is here!
Hela: Tell me about yourself, Skurge. 
Skurge: Well, my dad was a stone mason and... 
Hela: Yeah. Right. Ok. I'll just... I'll stop you there. What I meant was what's your ambition? 
Skurge: I just want a chance to prove myself. 
Hela: Recognition. Every great king had an executioner. Not just to execute people but to also execute their vision. But mainly to execute people. Still, it was a great honor. I was Odin's executioner. And now you shall be mine.
Thor: I'm not as strong as you. 
Odin: No... you're stronger.
Thor: It's not possible. 
Hela: Darling, you have no idea what's possible.
Hela: You're in my seat!
Grandmaster: I love when you come to visit, 142. You keep bringing me just the best stuff. Whenever we get to talk to Topaz about Scrapper-142, what do I always say? She is, and it starts with a B. 
Topaz: Trash. 
Grandmaster: No. Not trash. Were you waiting to just call her that? It doesn't start with a B!
Thor: Where are the weapons? 
Valkyrie: There aren't any! It's a leisure vessel. 
Bruce Banner: What? 
Valkyrie: The Grandmaster uses it for his good times:  orgies and stuff. 
Bruce Banner: Did she just say the Grandmaster uses it for orgies? 
Thor: Yeah. Don't touch anything.
Bruce Banner: I don't know how to fly this thing! 
Thor: You're a doctor, you have PhDs. You should figure it out. 
Bruce Banner: None of them for flying alien spaceships!
Dr. Stephen Strange: Thor, I sense a great change in your future. Destiny has dire plans for you, my friend. 
Thor: I have dire plans for destiny.
Barber: Now don't you move. My hands ain't as steady as they used to be! 
Thor: By Odin's beard, you shall not cut my hair, lest you feel the wrath of the mighty Thor! 
Thor: Please, kind sir, do not cut my hair. NO! NOOO!
Valkyrie: I've spent years, in a haze, trying to forget my past. Sakaar seemed like the best place to drink, and to forget... and to die, one day. 
Thor: Well, I was thinking that you drink too much and it was probably gonna kill you. 
Valkyrie: I don't plan to stop drinking. But... I don't wanna forget. I can't turn away anymore. So, if I'm gonna die, well, it might as well be driving my sword through the heart of that murderous hag.
Hela: Kneel. 
Loki: I'm sorry? 
Hela: Kneel, before your queen. 
Thor: I don't think so.
Thor: Asgard's not a place, it's a people. This was never about stopping Ragnarok... it was about causing Ragnarok. 
Thor: Go to the vault. Surtur's crown. It's the only way. 
Loki: Bold move, brother. Even for me.
Hela: Look at these lies! Goblets and garden parties? Peace treaties? Odin. Proud to have it... shame of how he got it!
Heimdall: Where to? 
Thor: I'm not sure. Any suggestions? Miek? Where are you from? 
Korg: Oh, Miek's dead. 
Thor: Oh. 
Korg: Yeah, I accidentally stomped on him on the bridge. I still felt so guilty I've been carrying him around all day. 
Korg: Oh Miek you're alive! He's alive, guys! What was your question again, brov? 
Thor: ...Earth it is.
Thor: How do I escape? 
Heimdall: You're on a planet surrounded by doorways. Go through one. 
Thor: Which one? 
Heimdall: The big one!
Loki: Do you really think it's a good idea to go back to earth? 
Thor: Yes, of course. People on earth love me, I'm very popular. 
Loki: Let me rephrase that:  Do you really think it's a good idea to bring ME back to earth? 
Thor: Probably not, to be honest. I wouldn't worry, Brother. I feel like everything's gonna work out fine.
Thor: Hello! 
Loki: Hi.
Thor: You know, Father once told me that a wise man never seeks out war... 
Hela: ...but he must always be ready for it!
Hela: It's come to my attention that you don't know who I am. I am Hela. Odin's firstborn. Commander of the legions of Asgard. The rightful heir to the throne and the Goddess of Death. My father is dead. As are the princes. You're welcome. We were once the seat of absolute power in the cosmos. Our supremacy was unchallenged. Yet Odin stopped at nine realms. Our destiny is to rule over all others. And I am here to restore that power. Kneel before me and rise into the ranks of my great conquest. 
Hogun: Whoever you were, whatever you've done, surrender now or we will show you no mercy. 
Hela: Whoever I am? Did you not listen to a word I said?
Loki: You know, I feel it won't make much of a difference... 
Thor: Loki... 
Loki: ...but this time, it's truly nothing personal. The reward for your capture 
Loki: will set me up nicely. 
Thor: Never one for sentiment, were you? 
Loki: Easier to let it burn. 
Thor: I agree. 
Thor: That looks painful. Dear brother, you're becoming predictable. I trust you, you betray me, round and round in circles we go. See Loki, life is about... It's about growth, it's about change, but you seem to just want to stay the same. I guess what I'm trying to say is that you'll always be the god of mischief, but you could be more. I'll just put this over here for you.
Grandmaster: Revolution? How did this happen? 
Topaz: Don't know. But the Arena's mainframe for the Obedience Disks have been deactivated and the slaves have armed themselves. 
Grandmaster: Ohhh! I don't like that word! 
Topaz: Mainframe? 
Grandmaster: No. Why would I not like "mainframe?" No, the "S" word! 
Topaz: Sorry, the "prisoners with jobs" have armed themselves. 
Grandmaster: Okay, that's better.
Valkyrie: The lord of thunder sends his regards! 
Korg: The revolution has begun!
Odin: Look at that. Remember this place... home.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I think you can handle things from here. 
Loki: Handle me? Who are you? You think you're some kind of sorcerer? Don't think for one minute, you second-rate... 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Bye bye.
Thor: Banner! Hey, Banner! 
Hulk: No Banner, only Hulk!
Loki Actor: Oh, brother. This is it. I take my leave. 
Actor Thor: You fool, you didn't listen! 
Loki Actor: I'm sorry. 
Actor Thor: Lady Sif, get help! 
Actor Sif: Somebody, help! 
Loki Actor: Sorry for all I've done. 
Actor Thor: Shh. It's all right. Hold on. 
Loki Actor: I'm sorry I tried to rule Earth. 
Actor Thor: They'd be lucky to have you. 
Loki Actor: I'm sorry about that thing with the Tesseract. I just couldn't help myself. 
Actor Thor: I know. 
Loki Actor: I'm a trickster. 
Actor Thor: Yes. So mischievous. 
Loki Actor: Sorry about that time I turned you into a frog. 
Actor Thor: It was a wonderful joke. 
Odin: 'Twas indeed hilarious. 
Actor Thor: You are the savior of Asgard. 
Loki Actor: Tell my story. 
Actor Thor: I will. 
Loki Actor: Build a statue for me. 
Actor Thor: We will build a big statue for you. 
Loki Actor: With my helmet on, with the big bendy horns. 
Actor Thor: I will tell Father what you did here today. 
Odin: I didn't do it for him. 
Loki Actor: I didn't do it... for him. 
Actor Thor: NOOOOOOOOOO! 
Actor Odin: And so, Loki died of his wounds, giving his life for ours. He fought back those disgusting elves, he brought peace to the realm. 
Actor Odin: Loki, my boy. 'Twas many moons ago I found you on that frostbitten battlefield. On that day, I did not yet see in you, Asgard's savior. No. You were merely a little blue baby icicle... that melted this old fool's heart.
Korg: Hey, man. We're just about to jump on that ginormous spaceship. Wanna come? 
Loki: You do seem like you're in desperate need of leadership. 
Korg: Why, thank you!
Bruce Banner: Biggest muscle in the body. 
Thor: I've got more muscle, so technically more brains!
Hela: I'm not a queen, or a monster... I'm the godess of death! What were you the god of, again?
Loki: With the Eternal Flame, you are reborn!
Loki: Here's the thing. I'm probably better off staying here on Sakaar. 
Thor: That's exactly what I was thinking. 
Loki: ...Did you just agree with me? 
Thor: This place is perfect for you. It's savage, chaotic, lawless. Brother, you're going to do GREAT here. 
Loki: Do you truly think so little of me? 
Thor: Loki, I thought the world of you. I thought we were going to fight side-by-side forever, but at the end of the day you're you and I'm me and... oh, maybe there's still good in you but... let's be honest, our paths diverged a long time ago. 
Loki: Yeah... it's probably for the best that we'll never see each other again. 
Thor: That's what you always wanted.
Skurge: For Asgard.
Hela: So he's dead. I'd have liked to have seen that.
Hela: You're still alive. 
Thor: I love what you've done with the place. Redecorated and everything. 
Hela: It would seem our father's solution to every problem was to cover it up. 
Thor: Or cast it out. He told you you were worthy. He said the same thing to me. 
Hela: You see, you never knew him, not at his best. Odin and I drowned entire civilizations in blood and tears. Where do you think all this gold came from? And then one day he decided to become a benevolent king. To foster peace, to protect life. To have you. 
Thor: I understand why you're angry. And you are my sister, and technically have a claim to the throne. And believe me, I would love for someone else to rule. But it can't be you. You're just the worst. 
Hela: Okay. Get up. You're in my seat.
Thor: I've been having terrible dreams as of late. Every night I see Asgard falling to ruins. 
Odin: That's just a silly dream, signs of an overactive imagination. 
Thor: Possibly. But then I decide to go out there and investigate, and what do I find but the Nine Realms completely in chaos? Enemies of Asgard assembling, plotting our demise, all while you, Odin, the protector of those Nine Realms are sitting here, in your bathrobe, eating *grapes.* 
Odin: Yes, well, it is best to respect our neighbors' freedom. 
Thor: Yes, of course. The freedom to be *massacred*. 
Odin: Well, I've been rather busy myself. 
Thor: Watching theatre? 
Odin: Well... Board meetings and security council meetings... 
Thor: You're really gonna make me do it? 
Odin: Do what? 
Thor: You know that nothing will stop Mjolnir as it returns to my hand. Not even your face! 
Odin: You've gone quite mad, you... You'll be executed for this! 
Thor: Then I'll see you on the other side, *brother!* 
Loki: Alright, I yield!
Thor: Let me get this straight. You're going to put your crown into the Eternal Flame, and you suddenly grow big as a house? 
Surtur: A MOUNTAIN! 
Thor: The Eternal Flame that Odin keeps locked away in Asgard? 
Surtur: Odin is not on Asgard. And your absence has left the throne defenseless. 
Thor: Okay. So, where is this crown? 
Surtur: This is my crown. The source of my power! 
Thor: Oh, that's your crown? I thought it was a big eyebrow. 
Surtur: It's a crown! 
Thor: Anyway, it sounds like all I have to do to stop Ragnarok is rip that thing off your head. 
Surtur: But Ragnarok has already begun! You cannot stop it! I am Asgard's doom, and so are you! All will suffer, all will burn! 
Thor: Oh, that's intense. You know to be honest, seeing you grow really big and set fire to a planet would be quite the spectacle. But it looks like I'll have to choose Option B, where I bust out of these chains, knock that tiara off your head, and stash you away in Asgard's vault.
Thor: If you were here, I might even give you a hug. 
Loki: ...I am here...
Thor: I choose to run towards my problems, and not away from them. Because's that what heroes do.
Bruce Banner: You're just using me to get to the Hulk. That's low. You're not my friend. 
Thor: No, no, no. I don't even like Hulk. He's always like, grr... smash, smash, smash. I prefer you.
Bruce Banner: We're coming up on the Devil's Anus.
Thor: Perhaps you're not so bad after all, brother. 
Loki: Maybe not. 
Thor: Thank you, Loki.
Hela: Asgard is dead!
Grandmaster: Time works real different around these parts. On any other world I would be millions of years old but here on Sakaar...
Grandmaster: I'm upset! I'm very upset. You know what I like about being upset? Blame. Right now, that's the mindset that I'm in. And you know who I'm blaming? 
Loki: Grandmaster, I... 
Grandmaster: Hey! Don't interrupt me! 
Topaz: Here you go! 
Grandmaster: Why are you handing me the Melt Stick? He was interrupting. That's not a capital violation. My precious champion has come up missing and its all because of that Lord of Thunder. It's all because of him, YOUR brother - whatever the story is, adopted, or complicated, I'm sure there's a big history - and YOUR contender! 
Loki: My dear friend, if you were to give me twelve hours I could bring them both back to you. 
Valkyrie: I can do it in two. 
Loki: I could do it in one. 
Grandmaster: You know what? I woke up this morning thinking about a public execution. But for now, I'll settle for this sweet little "who's gonna get him first?" So you're on the clock!
Hela: I don't know your game, but you can not stop me! 
Thor: No. 
Thor: But he can.
Hela: My destiny is to rule all others.
Thor: So Earth has... wizards now, huh? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: The preferred term is Master of The Mystic Arts. You can leave that now.
Grandmaster: It's bad news, bad news today. Sakaar, hear ye. Attention, please. I have some bad news. My beloved, exalted Champion has turned up missing. Take to the streets. Celebrate my champion. It seems that that criminally seductive Lord of Thunder has stolen him away. 
Thor: Seductive GOD of Thunder!
Loki: It hurts, doesn't it? Being lied to. Being told you're one thing and then learning it's all a fiction. 
Loki: You didn't think I'd really come and see you, did you? This place is disgusting. Does this mean you don't want my help? Look, I couldn't jeopardize my position with Grandmaster, it took me time to win his trust. He's a lunatic, but he can be amenable. What I'm telling you is, you could join me at the Grandmaster's side. Perhaps, in time, an accident befalls the Grandmaster, and then...
Heimdall: Where to? 
Thor: I'm not sure. Any suggestions? Miek? Where are you from? 
Korg: Oh, Miek's dead. 
Thor: Oh. 
Korg: Yeah, I accidentally stomped on him on the bridge. I still felt so guilty I've been carrying him around all day. 
Korg: Oh Miek you're alive! He's alive guys! What was your question again, brov? 
Thor: Earth it is.
Thor: Quite unique. It was made from this special metal from the heart of a dying star. And when i spun it really, really fast it gave me the ability to fly. 
Korg: You rode a hammer? 
Thor: No, I didn't ride the hammer 
Korg: The hammer ride you on your back? 
Thor: No, I would spin it really fast and it would pull me off the... 
Korg: Oh my god, the hammer pulled you off? 
Thor: The ground! It would pull me off the ground, into the air and I would fly.
Surtur: You have made a grave mistake, Odinson. 
Thor: I make grave mistakes all the time. Everything seems to work out...
Thor: What have I done? 
Heimdall: You saved us from extinction. Asgard is not a place, it's a people.
Valkyrie: Hey, big guy. 
Hulk: Angry girl... 
Valkyrie: What have you been up to? 
Hulk: Winning.
Loki: Fine. I guess I'll just have to go it alone. Like I've always done. Would you say something? Say something! 
Thor: What would you like me to say? You faked your own death, you stole the throne, stripped Odin of his power, stranded him on Earth... to die, releasing the Goddess of Death. Have I said enough, or do you do you want me to go further back than the past two days?
Hela: I'm Hela. 
Skurge: I'm just a janitor.
Topaz: We've located your cousin. 
Grandmaster: Huh?... Oh good!... 
Grandmaster: You're going to love this! 
Grandmaster: Hey cuz... We couldn't find you! What, have you been hiding? 
Cousin Carlo: No!... I'm sorry! 
Grandmaster: Mmhmm. 
Grandmaster: Carlo, I pardon you. 
Cousin Carlo: Oh, thank you! 
Grandmaster: You're officially pardoned... from life! 
Cousin Carlo: Aaauugh! 
Cousin Carlo: Help me! 
Thor: Oh... my... GOD! 
Grandmaster: I'm stepping it. I'm stepping in it! Look! Wow! 
Thor: Oh, the-the smell! 
Grandmaster: What does it smell like? 
Topaz: Burnt toast.
Surtur: Tremble before me Asgard, for I am your reckoning! 
Valkyrie: The people are safe. That's all it matters. 
Thor: We're fulfilling the prophecy. 
Valkyrie: I hate this prophecy. 
Thor: So do I. But we have no choice.
Grandmaster: What happened to my manners? I haven't properly introduced myself. Come on. Follow me. My name is Grandmaster. I preside over a little harlequinade called the Contest of Champions. People come from far and wide to unwillingly participate in it. And you, my friend, might just be part of the new cast. What do you say to that? 
Thor: We're not friends, and I don't give a shit about your games!
Skurge: Behold... my stuff. 
Skurge: I'm particularly fond of these. I pulled 'em out of a place on Midgard called Texas. I even named them. Des and Troy. You see, when you put them together... they destroy.
Thor: Hi there...
Hulk: Friend stay!
Korg: Another day, another Doug.
Loki: Took you long enough! 
Thor: I couldn't find the key. 
Loki: Everyone has a key!
Thor: Hela! Enough! You want Asgard? It's yours. 
Hela: Whatever game you're playing, it won't work. You can't defeat me. 
Thor: No, I know... But he can. 
Thor: Hela: NO!
Loki: I don't mean to impose... 
Loki: But, uh, the Grandmaster has a great many ships. I may even have stolen the access codes to his security system. 
Valkyrie: And suddenly you're overcome with an urge to do the right thing. 
Loki: Heavens, no. I've run out of favor with the Grandmaster, and in exchange for codes and access to a ship, I'm asking for safe passage... through the Anus.
Grandmaster: What have you brought today? Tell me. 
Valkyrie: A contender.
Hela: Oh, I've missed this! Still, it's a shame. Good soldiers dying for nothing all because they couldn't see the future. Oh, look. Still alive. 
Hela: Change of heart? 
Hogun: Go back to whatever chamber you crept out of, you evil demoness!
Loki: What have you done? 
Valkyrie: I don't answer to you, lackey. 
Loki: It's Loki! And you will answer to the Grandmaster! 
Loki: Why would you help my brother escape with that green fool? 
Valkyrie: I don't help anyone! 
Loki: You're a Valkyrie... I thought the Valkyrie all died gruesome deaths? 
Valkyrie: Choose your next words wisely! 
Loki: Terribly sorry. Must be a very painful memory...
Grandmaster: Here's what I wanna know. Who are you? 
Thor: I - am - the God of Thunder! 
Grandmaster: I didn't hear any thunder, but out of your fingers - was that sparkles?
Korg: Oh, yuck! There's still someone's hair and blood all over this. Guys, can you clean up the weapons once you finish your fight? Disgusting slobs.
Thor: If you help me get back to Asgard, I can help you get back to Earth. 
Hulk: Earth hate Hulk. 
Thor: Earth loves Hulk. They love you. You're one of the Avengers. One of the team, one of our friends. This is what friends do. They support each other. 
Hulk: You're Banner's friend. 
Thor: I'm not Banner's friend. I prefer you. 
Hulk: Banner's friend. 
Thor: I don't even like Banner. 
Thor: "I'm into numbers and science and stuff."
Valkyrie: I never thought I'd be back here. 
Bruce Banner: I thought it'd be nicer. I mean, not that it's not nice. It's just, it's on fire.
Valkyrie: This stupid dog won't die! 
Bruce Banner: Everything's going to be okay. I got this. You want to know who I am? 
Valkyrie: What the hell are you talking about? 
Bruce Banner: You'll see!
Loki: I guess I'll have to go it alone. Like I've always done.
Grandmaster: Welcome everybody! Hey, let's have a big round of applause for all of today's contenders who have died so gruesomely! Good sports!
Hela: Now you remind me of Dad.
Hulk: Thor go. Hulk stay. 
Thor: Fine. Stay here. Stupid place. It's hideous, by the way. The red, the white. Just pick a color. Ridiculous.
Loki: It suits you. 
Thor: Well, maybe you're not so bad after all, brother. 
Loki: Maybe not. 
Thor: Thank you. If you were here, I might even give you a hug. 
Loki: I'm here.
Hulk: Thor sad. 
Thor: Shut up. 
Hulk: Thor sad. 
Thor: I'm not sad, idiot. I'm pissed off! 
Thor: Angrier! I lost my father! 
Thor: I lost my hammer! 
Hulk: Whining and crying, cry like baby! 
Thor: You're not even listening! 
Hulk: Don't kick stuff! 
Thor: You're being a really bad friend! 
Hulk: You bad friend! 
Thor: You know what we call you? 
Hulk: No! 
Thor: We call you a stupid Avenger. 
Hulk: YOU TINY AVENGER! 
Thor: What are you, crazy? 
Hulk: Yes! 
Thor: You know what? Earth does hate you.
Volstagg: Who are you? What have you done with Thor? 
Hela: I'm Hela.
Bruce Banner: Why did you dress me up like Tony? 
Thor: Because you were naked. 
Bruce Banner: Okay, I'll give you that.
Grandmaster: I just, I gotta say. I'm proud of you all. This revolution has been a huge success. Yay us! Pat, pat on the back. Pat on the back. Come on. No? Me, too. 'Cause I've been a big part of it. Can't have a revolution without somebody to overthrow! So, ah, you're welcome. And, uh, it's a tie.
Korg: The damage is not too bad. As long as the foundations are still strong, we can rebuild this place. It will become a haven for all peoples and aliens of the universe. 
Korg: Oof. Now those foundations are gone. Sorry.
Frank Castle: One Batch, Two Batch, Penny and Dime.
Lewis Wilson: Sic semper tyrannis.
M'Baku: If you say one more word, I'll feed you to my children! 
M'Baku: I'm kidding. We're vegetarians.
T'Challa: Wakanda will no longer watch from the shadows. We can not. We must not. We will work to be an example of how we, as brothers and sisters on this earth, should treat each other. Now, more than ever, the illusions of division threaten our very existence. We all know the truth:  more connects us than separates us. But in times of crisis the wise build bridges, while the foolish build barriers. We must find a way to look after one another, as if we were one single tribe.
T'Challa: We can still heal you... 
Erik Killmonger: Why, so you can lock me up? Nah. Just bury me in the ocean with my ancestors who jumped from ships, 'cause they knew death was better than bondage.
Everett K. Ross: Is this Wakanda? 
Shuri: No, it's Kansas.
Shuri: Did he freeze? 
Okoye: Like an antelope in headlights.
King T'Chaka: You're a good man with a good heart. And it's hard for a good man to be king.
Nakia: You can't let your father's mistakes define who you are. You get to decide what kind of king you are going to be.
Everett K. Ross: Does she speak English? 
Okoye: When she wants to.
Ulysses Klaue: What do you actually know about Wakanda? 
Everett K. Ross: Um... Shepherds. Textiles. Cool outfits. 
Ulysses Klaue: It's all a front. Explorers searched for it for centuries. El Dorado. The Golden City. They thought they could find it in South America, but it was in Africa the whole time. A technological marvel. All because it was built on a mound of the most valuable metal known to man. Isipho, they call it. "The gift".
W'Kabi: You would kill me my love? 
Okoye: For Wakanda? Without Question.
T'Challa: My suit is good. 
Shuri: Old tech. Functional, but old. "People are shooting at me - wait, let me put my helmet on!"
Everett K. Ross: Why don't you give me the name of your supplier and I'll ask them? 
Ulysses Klaue: He's right outside. Why don't you ask him yourself?
Okoye: Wakanda forever!
Okoye: Just don't freeze when you see her. 
T'Challa: What are taking about? I never freeze.
Young Killmonger: Baba... 
N'Jobu: Yes, my son. 
Young Killmonger: Tell me a story. 
N'Jobu: Which one? 
Young Killmonger: The story of home. 
N'Jobu: Millions of years ago, a meteorite made of vibranium, the strongest substance in the universe, struck the continent of Africa, affecting the plant life around it. And when the time of man came, five tribes settled on it and called it Wakanda. The tribes lived in constant war with each other until a warrior shaman received a vision from the Panther Goddess Bast, who led him to the Heart-Shaped Herb, a plant that granted him superhuman strength, speed and instincts. The warrior became king and the first Black Panther, the protector of Wakanda. Four tribes agreed to live under the king's rule, but the Jabari Tribe isolated themselves in the mountains. The Wakandans used vibranium to develop technology more advanced than any other nation. But as Wakanda thrived, the world around it descended further into chaos. To keep vibranium safe, the Wakandans vowed to hide in plain sight, keeping the truth of their power from the outside world. 
Young Killmonger: And we still hide, Baba? 
N'Jobu: Yes. 
Young Killmonger: Why?
Young Oakland Kid: It's a Bugatti Spaceship.
Erik Killmonger: I've waited my whole life for this. The world's going to start over. I'MA BURN IT ALL!
T'Challa: If you weren't so stubborn, you would make a great queen. 
Nakia: I would make a great queen because I am so stubborn.
Okoye: Guns... So primitive!
Shuri: Don't scare me like that, coloniser!
Everett K. Ross: I have seen gods fly. I have seen men build weapons that I couldn't even imagine. I have seen aliens drop from the sky. But I have never seen anything like this. How much more are you hiding?
T'Challa: I never yielded! And as you can see, I am not dead!
T'Challa: What happens now determines what happens to the rest of the world.
Erik Killmonger: I lived my entire life waiting for this moment. I trained, I lied, I killed just to get here. I killed in America, Afghanistan, Iraq... I took life from my own brothers and sisters right here on this continent! And all this death just so I could kill you.
Everett K. Ross: Quite the entourage, do you have a mixtape coming out? 
Ulysses Klaue: Actually yeah there is, I'll send you the Sound cloud 
Ulysses Klaue: do you have the link?
T'Challa: Nakia... hi. 
Okoye: You froze.
King T'Chaka: What is wrong, my son? 
T'Challa: I am not ready, Baba. 
King T'Chaka: Have you not prepared to be king your whole life? Have you not trained and studied, been by my side? 
T'Challa: That is not what I am talking about. I am not ready to be without you. 
King T'Chaka: A man who has not prepared his children for his own death has failed as a father. Have I ever failed you? 
King T'Chaka: Never.
Shuri: Great! Another broken white boy for us to fix.
Erik Killmonger: Wassup, cuz?
Shuri: What was that? 
T'Challa: Don't worry about it, you're doing fine!
N'Jobu: No tears for me, son? 
Erik Killmonger: People die every day. That's just part of life around here.
Shuri: It's like riding a hover-bike. 
Everett K. Ross: You have hover-bikes?
Shuri: What are those?
T'Challa: I will not abandon someone to die, when I have the means to save his life.
Shuri: This corset is really uncomfortable, so can we all just wrap it up and go home?
Okoye: You are so full of hatred, you will never be a true king!
Everett K. Ross: Hey, you won! 
Thirsty Gambler: You know what? I'm just going to take these chips and set them over here.
W'Kabi: You let the refugees in, you let in all their problems.
Okoye: I am loyal to that throne, no matter WHO sits on it.
T'Challa: You were wrong - all of you were wrong - to turn your backs on the rest of the world! We let the fear of discovery stop us from doing what is right. No more! I cannot stay here with you. I cannot rest while HE sits on the throne! He is a monster of our own making! I must take the mantle back. I must! I must right these wrongs!
Shuri: When you said you'd bring me to California when I was a kid, I thought you meant Coachella, or Disneyland. Where are we? 
T'Challa: This is the building where our uncle lived, where our father killed him. 
Shuri: They're tearing it down. Good. 
T'Challa: They are not tearing it down, not anymore. I bought the building. And that one... and that one.
T'Challa: How are you feeling today, Mama? 
Ramonda: Proud. Your father and I would talk about this day all the time. He is with us. And it is your time to be king.
Nakia: The king is dead. Come with me if you don't want to join him!
Shuri: Good morning, Sergeant Barnes. 
Bucky Barnes: Bucky. 
Shuri: How are you feeling? 
Bucky Barnes: Good. 
Bucky Barnes: Thank you. 
Shuri: Come. 
Shuri: Much more for you to learn.
Ulysses Klaue: I made it rain!
Erik Killmonger: When I tell you to do something, I mean that shit.
T'Challa: Baba... 
King T'Chaka: Stand up! You are a king!
T'Challa: What do you want? 
Erik Killmonger: I want the throne!
Erik Killmonger: Y'all sittin' up here comfortable.
Erik Killmonger: Wassup, princess? 
Shuri: You will never be king of Wakanda!
King T'Chaka: Did you think you were the only spy we sent to the States?
Nakia: It is my duty to fight for who I... for the things I love.
T'Challa: You will destroy the world, Wakanda included! 
Erik Killmonger: The world took everything away from me! Everything I ever loved! But I'ma make sure we're even. I'ma track down anyone who would even think of being loyal to you! And I'ma put their ass in the dirt, right next to Zuri!
M'Baku: Witness the strength of the Jabari... first-hand!
M'Baku: Glory to Hanuman
Erik Killmonger: Helluva move
Everett K. Ross: My intel reports that the chunk of vibranium you took was all that Wakanda had. 
Ulysses Klaue: ALL OF IT? I took a tiny piece of it! They have a MOUNTAIN of the stuff! And they haven't even scratched the surface.
Dora Milaje: Wakanda forever!
Okoye: Wakanda survived for so long by only fighting when absolutely necessary.
Shuri: Just because something works doesn't mean that it cannot be improved.
Shuri: The entire suit sits within the teeth of the necklace. Strike it. 
T'Challa: Anywhere? 
Shuri: Mmm-hmm. 
Shuri: Not that hard, genius! 
T'Challa: You told me to strike it. You didn't say how hard. 
Shuri: I invite you to my lab,and you just kick things around? 
T'Challa: Well, maybe you should make it a little stronger. 
T'Challa: Hey. Wait a minute. 
Shuri: The nanites absorb the kinetic energy... and hold it in place for redistribution. 
T'Challa: Very nice. 
Shuri: Strike it again in the same spot. 
T'Challa: You're recording? 
Shuri: For research purposes. 
T'Challa: Delete that footage.
Ulysses Klaue: Hello. 
Ulysses Klaue: I can see you! I can. I can see you.
Ulysses Klaue: You look just like your old man.
Zuri: I had your father killed! Take me. 
Erik Killmonger: I'ma take you both, Uncle James! 
T'Challa: NOOOO!
W'Kabi: You let the refugees in, they bring their problems with them, and then Wakanda is like everywhere else.
Everett K. Ross: It's not my place to say, but man, I really don't think you should do this. What you guys have is going to scare a lot of people in that room. They're going to come after you. 
T'Challa: Yes. But I will no longer rule out of fear.
James: It's these two Grace Jones-looking chicks. They're holding spears. 
N'Jobu: Open it. 
James: You serious? 
N'Jobu: They won't knock again.
Everett K. Ross: That is quite the entourage!
N'Jobu: I observed for as long as I could. Their leaders have been assassinated. Communities flooded with drugs and weapons. They are overly policed and incarcerated. All over the planet, our people suffer because they don't have the tools to fight back. With vibranium weapons they can overthrow all countries, and Wakanda can rule them all, the right way!
T'Challa: Speak. 
W'Kabi: Speak. 
Erik Killmonger: I'm standing in your house, serving justice to a man who stole your vibranium and murdered your people. Justice your king couldn't deliver. 
T'Challa: I don't care that you brought Klaue. Only reason I don't kill you where you stand is because I know who you are. Now what do you want? 
Erik Killmonger: I want the throne. 
Mining Tribe Elder: My goodness. 
Erik Killmonger: Y'all sittin' up here comfortable. Must feel good. It's about two billion people all over the world that looks like us. But their lives are a lot harder. Wakanda has the tools to liberate 'em all. 
T'Challa: And what tools are those? 
Erik Killmonger: Vibranium. Your weapons. 
T'Challa: Our weapons will not be used to wage war on the world. It is not our way to be judge, jury, and executioner for people who are not our own. 
Erik Killmonger: Not your own? But didn't life start right here on this continent? So ain't all people your people? 
T'Challa: I am not king of all people. I am King of Wakanda. And it is my responsibility to make sure our people are safe and that vibranium does not fall into the hands of a person like you. 
Erik Killmonger: Mmm... 
Ramonda: Son, we have entertained this charlatan for too long. Reject his request. 
Erik Killmonger: Oh, I ain't requesting nothing. Ask who I am. 
Shuri: You're Erik Stevens. An American black operative. A mercenary nicknamed Killmonger. That's who you are. 
Erik Killmonger: That's not my name, Princess. Ask me, King. 
T'Challa: No. 
Erik Killmonger: Ask me. 
T'Challa: Take him away.
T'Challa: So surprised my little sister came to see me off before our big day. 
Shuri: You wish! I'm here for the EMP beads. I've developed an update. 
T'Challa: Update? No. It worked perfectly. 
Shuri: How many times do I have to teach you? Just because something works doesn't mean that it cannot be improved. 
T'Challa: You are teaching me? What do you know? 
Shuri: More than you. 
T'Challa: I can't wait to see what kind of update you make to your ceremonial outfit.
T'Challa: You want to see us become just like the people you hate so much! Divide and conquer, just as they did! 
Erik Killmonger: Nah, I learned from my enemies! Beat them at their own game! 
T'Challa: You have become them!
Everett K. Ross: Hop in. Put that spear in the trunk.
T'Challa: This ends today!
River Tribe Elder: Who are you? 
Erik Killmonger: I am N'Jadaka, son of Prince N'Jobu! 
Mining Tribe Elder: Son of N'Jobu? 
Erik Killmonger: I found my daddy with Panther claws in his chest! You ain't the son of a king. You're the son of a murderer! 
Ramonda: You're lying! 
Ramonda: Lies! 
W'Kabi: I'm afraid not, Queen Mother. 
River Tribe Elder: What? 
Mining Tribe Elder: You, the descendant of N'Jobu? 
Erik Killmonger: Hey, Auntie. 
Erik Killmonger: I'm exercising my blood right to challenge for the mantles of the King. And Black Panther. 
Ramonda: Do not do this, T'Challa. 
Border Tribe Elder: As the son of Prince N'Jobu, he is within his rights. 
Ramonda: He has no rights here! 
River Tribe Elder: The challenge will take weeks to prepare! 
Erik Killmonger: Weeks? I don't need weeks. The whole country ain't gotta be here. I just need him. And somebody to get me outta these chains. 
Ramonda: T'Challa, what do you know of this? 
T'Challa: I accept your challenge.
Ulysses Klaue: Put some music on. What do you think this is, a funeral?
Zuri: M'Baku, what are you doing here? 
M'Baku: It's challenge day. We have watched and listened from the mountains! We have watched with disgust as your technological advancements have been overseen by a child! Who scoffs at tradition! And now you want to hand the nation over to this prince who could not keep his own father safe. We will not have it. I said, we will not have , oh! I, M'Baku, leader of the Jabari... 
T'Challa: I accept your challenge, M'Baku.
Nakia: Great Gorilla M'Baku... 
Nakia: ...this is why we are here. To offer this to you. An outsider sits on our throne. Only you can help us stop him.
Ramonda: I don't like this. The Herb belongs to us. We may be creating a bigger monster with M'Baku. Nakia, you should take it yourself. 
Nakia: I am a spy with no army. I wouldn't stand a chance.
Museum Director: Good morning. How can I help you? 
Erik Killmonger: I was just checking out these artifacts. They tell me you're the expert. 
Museum Director: Ah. You could say that. 
Erik Killmonger: They're beautiful. Where's this one from? 
Museum Director: The Bobo Ashanti tribe, present-day Ghana, 19th century. 
Erik Killmonger: For real? And what about this one? 
Museum Director: That one's from the Edo people of Benin, 16th century. 
Erik Killmonger: Now, tell me about this one. 
Museum Director: Also from Benin, 7th century. Fula tribe, I believe. 
Erik Killmonger: Nah. 
Museum Director: I beg your pardon? 
Erik Killmonger: It was taken by British soldiers in Benin, but it's from Wakanda. And it's made out of vibranium. Don't trip. I'mma take it off your hands for you. 
Museum Director: These items aren't for sale. 
Erik Killmonger: How do you think your ancestors got these? You think they paid a fair price? Or did they take it, like they took everything else? 
Museum Director: Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to leave. 
Erik Killmonger: You got all this security in here watching me ever since I walked in. But you ain't checking for what you put in your body.
T'Challa: He will send our weapons all over the world. You must get them out of Wakanda safely. 
Ramonda: What? 
Shuri: What about you? 
T'Challa: The challenge will have to continue. 
Ramonda: T'Challa, we will not leave Wakanda. 
T'Challa: It is my duty to keep you safe. 
Shuri: If he gets control of our technology, nowhere will be safe.
Shuri: The Black Panther lives. And when he fights for the fate of Wakanda, I will be right beside him. 
Nakia: As will I. 
Everett K. Ross: I'm in, too. 
Everett K. Ross: What? You're gonna need all the help you can get.
Okoye: Our mission was to bring back Klaue. We failed. This man is a foreign intelligence operative. How do we justify bringing him into our borders? 
Nakia: He took a bullet for me. 
Okoye: That was his choice. 
Nakia: So now we are just supposed to let him die? 
Okoye: Let us consider that we heal him. It is his duty to report back to his country. And as king, it is your duty to protect ours. 
T'Challa: I'm well aware of my duties, General.
Erik Killmonger: Bro, why ain't you just shoot him right here? 
Ulysses Klaue: Because it's better to leave the crime scene more spread out. Makes us look like amateurs.
Ulysses Klaue: Let's have some fun!
Ulysses Klaue: What is love? Baby, don't huuuurt me! Don't huuuurt me! No more...
W'Kabi: The world is changing. Soon there will only be the conquered and the conquerors. I'd rather be the former.
Everett K. Ross: Erik Stevens. Graduated Annapolis aged nineteen, MIT for grad school. Joined the SEALs and went straight to Afghanistan, where he wrapped up confirmed kills like it was a video game. Started calling him Killmonger. He joined a J-SOC ghost unit, now these guys are serious, they would drop off the grid so they could commit assassinations and take down governments.
Shuri: The real question is WHAT ARE THOSE? Why do you have your toes out in my lab? 
T'Challa: What, you don't like my royal sandals? I wanted to go old school for my first day.
Ulysses Klaue: Oh, mercy, King. Mercy. 
T'Challa: Every breath you take is mercy from me.
Ulysses Klaue: It's a vibranium car, you idiots! The bullets won't penetrate!
Nakia: Eyes up. Americans. I count three. 
Okoye: Five. How could you miss Greased Lightning there behind you? 
T'Challa: Six. Just spotted an old friend who works for the CIA. It just got a little more complicated.
Everett K. Ross: These train things, that... that's magnetic levitation, right? 
Shuri: Obviously. 
Everett K. Ross: Obviously, but I-I've never seen it this... efficient. The light panels, what are they? 
Shuri: Sonic stabilizers. 
Everett K. Ross: Sonic what? 
Shuri: In its raw form, vibraniun is too dangerous to be transported at that speed, so I... I developed a way to temporarily deactivate it. 
Everett K. Ross: There's vibranium on those trains? 
Shuri: There's vibranium all around us. That's how I healed you.
T'Challa: What happened to my uncle N'Jobu? My father told me he disappeared. There was a man today wearing a ring identical to this one. 
Zuri: That is not possible. 
T'Challa: He helped Klaue escape from us and he was wearing this ring! My grandfather's ring! Do not tell me what is possible. Tell me the truth! 
Zuri: Some truths... are too much to bear, T'Challa. 
T'Challa: That is not your choice to make. What happened to him? 
Zuri: I promised the king to say nothing. 
T'Challa: I AM YOUR KING NOW!
T'Challa: Agent Ross. 
Everett K. Ross: Your Highness. 
T'Challa: You are buying from Klaue. 
Everett K. Ross: What I'm doing or not doing on behalf of the U.S. government is none of your concern. Now, whatever the hell you're up to, do me a favor, stay out of my way. 
T'Challa: I gave you Zemo. 
Everett K. Ross: Didn't I keep it under wraps that the king of a third-world country runs around in a bulletproof cat suit? I'd say we were even. You really need to leave, now. 
T'Challa: Klaue is leaving out that door with me. You've been warned.
Everett K. Ross: Okay, Shuri, I got 'em. What do I do? 
Shuri: Shoot them down, genius!
W'Kabi: Where is Klaue? 
T'Challa: He's not here. He slipped through our hands. 
W'Kabi: Slipped? For thirty years, your father was in power and did nothing. With you, I thought it'd be different. But it's more of the same.
T'Challa: He killed his own brother and left a child behind with nothing. What kind of king... what kind of man does that? 
Nakia: No man is perfect. Not even your father. 
T'Challa: He didn't even give him a proper burial. My uncle N'Jobu betrayed us, but my father... he may have created something even worse.
Everett K. Ross: So this is a big mess, huh? I figured we could go good cop/bad cop. I'll talk to him first, then you guys go in. 
Okoye: We can't let him talk to Klaue alone. 
T'Challa: Better to let him talk to Klaue alone for five minutes than to make a scene here. 
T'Challa: After your questioning, we will take him back to Wakanda with us. 
Everett K. Ross: What? No. Look, I like you, a lot. But he's in my custody now. He's not going anywhere. 
Everett K. Ross: Listen, I'm doing you guys a favor by letting you even be here. 
Okoye: If he touches you again, I'm going to impale him on this desk.
Young T'Chaka: There has been an attack. This man, Ulysses Klaue, stole a quarter ton of vibranium from us, and triggered a bomb at the border to escape. Many lives were lost. He knew where we hid the vibranium, and how to strike. He had someone on the inside. 
N'Jobu: Why are you here? 
Young T'Chaka: Because I want you to look me in the eyes and tell me why you betrayed Wakanda. 
N'Jobu: I did no such thing.
T'Challa: Thank you. 
M'Baku: I owed you a great debt. A life for a life. Consider it paid. 
T'Challa: Please allow my mother to stay here. 
M'Baku: No harm will come to her. I give you my word. 
T'Challa: You know, I could use an army, as well. 
M'Baku: I bet you could. But no. I will give no Jabari lives towards your cause. 
T'Challa: It is our cause. It is for all of us. 
M'Baku: Oh, us? Us? You are the first king to come here in centuries and now you speak of "us"? 
T'Challa: I cannot speak for past kings. But an enemy sits on the throne right now. We both know the power of vibranium. If Killmonger gains control of it, who do you think he will come for next? 
M'Baku: We will not help you.
Erik Killmonger: You know, where I'm from... when black folks started revolutions, they never had the firepower... or the resources to fight their oppressors. Where was Wakanda? Hmm? Yeah, all that ends today. We got spies embedded in every nation on Earth. Already in place. I know how colonizers think. So we're gonna use their own strategy against 'em. We're gonna send vibranium weapons out to our War Dogs. They'll arm oppressed people all over the world... so they can finally rise up and kill those in power. And their children. And anyone else who takes their side. It's time they know the truth about us!
Everett K. Ross: He 
Everett K. Ross: worked with our CIA to destabilize foreign governments... during election cycles.
W'Kabi: Would you kill me, my love? 
Okoye: For Wakanda... no question
Ulysses Klaue: You... you want to go to Wakanda? They're savages! 
Ulysses Klaue: This is what they do to people like us. 
Erik Killmonger: I don't worry about no brand. Check these out. Each one is for a kill. 
Ulysses Klaue: You can scar yourself as much as you like. To them, you'll just be an outsider. Your crazy to think that you can just walk in there. And to think I saw you as a crazy American...
Rocket Raccoon: This is Thanos we're talking about. He's the toughest there is 
Thor: Well, he's never fought me. 
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah, he has. 
Thor: He's never fought me twice.
Thanos: I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail nonetheless. It's frightening, turns the legs to jelly. I ask you to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now it's here. Or should I say, I am.
Thanos: Daughter. 
Young Gamora: Did you do it? 
Thanos: Yes. 
Young Gamora: What did it cost? 
Thanos: ...Everything.
Gamora: I was a child when you took me. 
Thanos: I saved you. 
Gamora: No. We were happy on my home planet. 
Thanos: You were going to bed hungry, scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I'm the one who stopped that. You know what's happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It's a paradise. 
Gamora: Because you murdered half the planet. 
Thanos: A small price to pay for salvation. 
Gamora: You're insane. 
Thanos: Little one, it's a simple calculus. This universe is finite, its resources, finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correcting. 
Gamora: You don't know that! 
Thanos: I'm the only one who knows that. At least, I'm the only one with the will to act on it.
Bruce Banner: Who's Scott? 
Steve Rogers: Ant-Man. 
Bruce Banner: There's an Ant-Man *and* a Spider-Man?
Eitri: You understand, boy, you're about to take the full force of a star. It'll kill you. 
Thor: Only if I die. 
Eitri: Yes. That's what... killing you means.
Rocket Raccoon: You speak Groot? 
Thor: Yes, they taught it on Asgard. It was an elective.
Tony Stark: Wong, you're invited to my wedding.
Gamora: All my life I dreamed of a day, a moment, when you got what you deserved. And I was always so disappointed. But now, you kill and torture and you call it mercy. The universe has judged you. You asked it for a prize and it told you no. You failed. And do you wanna know why? Because you love nothing. No one. 
Gamora: Really? Tears? 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): They are not for him.
Peter Parker: Magic. More Magic. Magic with a Kick. Mag... 
Thanos: Insect!
Peter Quill: How the hell is this dude still alive? 
Drax: He is not a dude. You're a dude. This... this is a man. A handsome, muscular man. 
Peter Quill: I'm muscular. 
Rocket Raccoon: Who are you kidding, Quill? You're one sandwich away from fat. 
Peter Quill: Yeah, right. 
Drax: It's true. You have put on weight. 
Peter Quill: What? 
Peter Quill: Gamora, do you think I'm... 
Mantis: He is anxious, angry, he feels tremendous loss and guilt. 
Drax: It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel. 
Peter Quill: Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay, I'm gonna get a Bowflex. I'm gonna commit. I'm gonna get some dumbbells. 
Rocket Raccoon: You know you can't eat dumbbells, right? 
Gamora: It's like his muscles are made of Chitauri metal fibers. 
Peter Quill: Stop massaging his muscles.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Ok, let me ask you this one time:  What master do you serve? 
Peter Quill: Oh, what master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus?
Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again.
Thor: There are six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth, they're with the Avengers. 
Peter Quill: The Avengers? 
Thor: The Earth's mightiest heroes. 
Mantis: Like Kevin Bacon? 
Thor: He may be on the team. I don't know, I haven't been there in a while.
Thor: You know, I'm 1500 years old. I've killed twice as many enemies as that. And every one of them would have rather killed me than not succeeded. I'm only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is just the latest of a long line of bastards, and he'll be the latest to feel my vengeance - fate wills it so.
Loki: You... will never be... a god.
Thanos: You should have gone for the head.
Tony Stark: You throw another moon at me and I'm gonna lose it!
Loki: If you're going to Earth, you might want a guide. I do have a bit of experience in that arena. 
Thanos: Well, if you consider failure experience. 
Loki: I consider *experience* experience.
Tony Stark: Dude, you're embarrassing me in front of the wizards.
Drax: It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel.
Peter Quill: Dude. How long have you been standing there? 
Drax: An hour. 
Peter Quill: An hour? 
Gamora: Are you serious? 
Drax: I've mastered the ability of standing so incredibly still... that I become invisible to the eye... Watch. 
Peter Quill: You're eating a Zargnut. 
Drax: My movement... is so slow... that it's imperceptible. 
Peter Quill: Mmm, no. 
Drax: I'm sure I'm invisible. 
Mantis: Hi, Drax. 
Drax: Dammit.
Okoye: When you said you were going to open Wakanda to the rest of the world, this is not what I imagined. 
T'Challa: What did you imagine? 
Okoye: The Olympics, maybe even a Starbucks.
Bruce Banner: Hulk. Hulk, I know you like making your entrance at the last second, well, this is it, man. This is the last *last* second. Hulk! Hulk! HULK! 
Hulk: NOOOO! 
Bruce Banner: Oh, screw you, you big green asshole! I'll do it myself!
Peter Quill: Wait, who are you? 
Peter Parker: We're the Avengers, man. 
Mantis: You're the ones Thor told us about. 
Tony Stark: You know Thor? 
Peter Quill: Yeah, tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.
Bus Driver: What's the matter with you kids? You've never seen a spaceship before?
Peter Parker: Let me just say, if aliens wind up implanting eggs in my chest or something and I eat one of you, I'm sorry. 
Tony Stark: I don't want another single pop culture reference out of you for the rest of the trip. You understand?
Peter Quill: Groot, put that thing away. Now, I don't wanna tell you again... Groot? 
Groot: I am Groot! 
Peter Quill: Whoa! 
Rocket Raccoon: Language! 
Mantis: Hey! 
Drax: Wow. 
Peter Quill: You got some acorns on you, kid. 
Rocket Raccoon: Ever since you got a little sap, you're a total D-hole. 
Rocket Raccoon: Now, keep it up and I'm gonna smash that thing to pieces!
Tony Stark: We gotta coalesce. Because if all we come out is with a plucky attitude 
Peter Quill: Dude, don't call us plucky. We don't know what it means. We're more optimistic, yes. I like your plan. Except, it sucks. So let me do the plan and that way it might be really good. 
Drax: Tell him about the dance-off to save the Universe. 
Tony Stark: What dance-off? 
Peter Quill: It's not a thing. 
Peter Parker: Like in Footloose, the movie? 
Peter Quill: Exactly like Footloose. Is it still the greatest movie in history? 
Peter Parker: It never was. 
Tony Stark: Don't encourage Flash Gordon. 
Peter Quill: Flash Gordon? That's a compliment. Don't forget, I'm half human. So that 50% of me that's stupid that's 100% you.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Seriously? You don't have any money? 
Wong: Attachment to the material is detachment from the spiritual. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they'll make you a metaphysical ham and rye. 
Wong: Wait, wait, wait. I think I have two hundred. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dollars? 
Wong: Rupees. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Which is? 
Wong: A... buck and a half. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: What do you want? 
Wong: I wouldn't say no to a tuna melt.
Dr. Stephen Strange: We gotta turn this ship around. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, now he wants to run. Great plan. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No, I want to protect the stone. 
Tony Stark: And I want you to thank me. Now, go ahead. I'm listening. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: For what? Nearly blasting me into space? 
Tony Stark: Who just saved your magical ass? Me. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I seriously don't know how you fit your head into that helmet. 
Tony Stark: Admit it, you should've ducked out when I told you to. I tried to bench you. You refused. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Unlike everyone else in your life, I don't work for you. 
Tony Stark: And due to that fact, we're now in a flying doughnut billions of miles from Earth with no backup. 
Peter Parker: I'm backup. 
Tony Stark: No, you're a stowaway. The adults are talking. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm sorry, I'm confused as to the relationship here. What is he, your ward? 
Peter Parker: No. I'm Peter, by the way. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Doctor Strange. 
Peter Parker: Oh, you're using made-up names. Um... I'm Spider-Man, then.
Rocket Raccoon: Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful and horrific weapons to ever torment the universe. I would very much like to go there, please. 
Thor: The rabbit is correct and clearly the smartest among you. 
Rocket Raccoon: Rabbit?
Peter Parker: I got you! 
Peter Parker: I got you! Sorry, I can't remember anybody's names.
Tony Stark: If Thanos needs all six, why don't we just stick this one down a garbage disposal? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No can do. 
Wong: We swore an oath to protect the Time Stone with our lives. 
Tony Stark: And I swore off dairy... but then Ben & Jerry's named a flavor after me, so... 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Stark Raving Hazelnuts. 
Tony Stark: Not bad. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: A bit chalky. 
Wong: A Hunk of Hulk of Burning Fudge is our favorite.
Peter Parker: Hey, man! What's up, Mr Stark? 
Tony Stark: Kid, where'd you come from? 
Peter Parker: Field trip to MoMa! 
Peter Parker: Uh, what is this guy's problem, Mr. Stark? 
Tony Stark: Uh, he's from space, he came here to steal a necklace from a wizard.
Tony Stark: I'm sorry, earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get outta here.
T'Challa: Evacuate the city! Engage all defenses! 
T'Challa: And get this man a shield!
Thanos: The Tesseract? Or your brother's head? I assume you have a preference? 
Loki: Oh, I do. Kill away! 
Loki: ALRIGHT, STOP! 
Thor: We don't have the Tesseract, it was destroyed on Asgard! 
Thor: You really are the worst brother! 
Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again. 
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian. 
Loki: Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk.
Thor: You know, I'm 1500 years old. I've killed twice as many enemies as that. And every one of them would have rather killed me than not succeeded. I'm only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is just the latest of a long line of bastards, and he'll be the latest to feel my vengeance - fate wills it so. 
Rocket Raccoon: Mm-hmm. And what if you're wrong? 
Thor: Well, if I'm wrong, then... what more could I lose? 
Rocket Raccoon: Well, I could lose a lot. Me, personally, I could lose a lot.
Nick Fury: Oh, no... Motherf...
Peter Parker: Hey, I need you to cause a distraction. 
Ned: Holy shit. WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!
Drax: Die, blanket of death!
Bruce Banner: You guys are so screwed now!
Ebony Maw: Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, but the kid's seen more movies.
Nick Fury: There was an idea... 
Tony Stark: To bring together, a group of remarkable people... 
Vision: To see if we could become something more... 
Thor: So when they needed us, we could fight the battles... 
Natasha Romanoff: That they never could.
Thanos: In time, you will know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right. Yet to fail all the same. Dread it. Run from it. Destiny still arrives.
Thanos: Today I lost more than you could know, but now is no time to mourn. Now, is no time at all.
Tony Stark: You are one loyal piece of outerwear.
Heimdall: Allfather, let the Dark Magic flow through me one last time...
Dr. Stephen Strange: If we don't do our jobs... 
Tony Stark: What is your job, exactly, besides making balloon animals? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Protecting your reality, douchebag.
Eitri: You were supposed to protect us. Asgard was supposed to protect us! 
Thor: Asgard is destroyed. Eitri, the glove. What did you do? 
Eitri: Three hundred dwarves lived on this ring. I thought if I did what he asked, they'd be safe. I made what he wanted:  a device capable of harnessing the power of the stones. And he killed everyone anyway. All except me. "Your life is yours," he said. "But your hands... Your hands are mine alone." 
Thor: Eitri, this isn't about your hands. Every weapon you've ever designed - every axe, hammer, sword - it's all inside your head. Now I know it feels like all hope is lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos.
Mantis: We are arriving. 
Peter Quill: All right, Guardians, don't forget this might be dangerous, so let's put on our mean faces.
Thanos: Fun isn't something one considers when balancing the universe. But this... 
Thanos: ... does put a smile on my face.
Peter Parker: You can't be a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man if there's no neighborhood. 
Peter Parker: Okay, that didn't really make sense, but you know what I'm trying to say.
Natasha Romanoff: Where's your other friend? 
Proxima Midnight: He will pay for his life with yours. Thanos will have that stone. 
Steve Rogers: That's not gonna happen. 
T'Challa: You are in Wakanda now. Thanos will have nothing but dust, and blood. 
Proxima Midnight: We, have blood to spare. 
Bucky Barnes: They surrender? 
Steve Rogers: Not exactly.
Thanos: You have my respect, Stark. When I'm done, half of humanity will still be alive. I hope they remember you.
Vision: It's alright. You could never hurt me. I just feel you.
Stonekeeper: What you seek lies in front of you. As does what you fear. 
Thanos: What's this? 
Stonekeeper: The price. The Soul Stone holds a special place among the Infinity Stones. You might say, it is a certain wisdom. 
Thanos: Tell me what it needs. 
Stonekeeper: To ensure that whoever possesses it understands its power, the stone demands a sacrifice. 
Thanos: Of what? 
Stonekeeper: In order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love. A soul for a soul.
Thanos: Titan was like most planets. Too many mouths, not enough to go around. And when we faced extinction, I offered a solution. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Genocide. 
Thanos: At random. Dispassionate, fair to rich and poor alike. They called me a mad man. And what I predicted came to pass. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Congratulations, you're a prophet. 
Thanos: I'm a survivor. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who wants to murder trillions! 
Thanos: With all the six stones, I could simply snap my fingers, and they would all cease to exist. I call that... mercy. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: And then what? 
Thanos: I finally rest, and watch the sunrise on an grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest wills. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I think you'll find our will equal to yours. 
Thanos: Our?
Thanos: Stark. 
Tony Stark: You know me? 
Thanos: I do. You're not the only cursed with knowledge. 
Tony Stark: My only curse is you.
Ebony Maw: Stonekeeper, does this chattering animal speak for you? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Certainly not, I speak for myself. You are trespassing in this city and on this planet. 
Tony Stark: That means get lost, Squidward!
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Still no word from Vision? 
James Rhodes: Satellites lost him somewhere over Edinburgh. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: On a stolen Quinjet with four of the world's most wanted criminals. 
James Rhodes: You know, they're only criminals because you've chosen to call them that, right sir? 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: My God, Rhodes. Your talent for horseshit rivals my own. 
James Rhodes: If it weren't for those accords, Vision would've been right here. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: I remember your signature on those papers, Colonel. 
James Rhodes: That's right. I'm pretty sure I've paid for that. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You having second thoughts? 
James Rhodes: Not anymore. 
Steve Rogers: Mr. Secretary. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You've got some nerve, I'll give you that. 
Natasha Romanoff: You could use some of that right now. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: The world's on fire, and you think all is forgiven? 
Steve Rogers: I'm not looking for forgiveness, and I'm way past asking permission. Earth just lost her best defender, so we're here to fight. And if you want to stand in our way, we'll fight you too.
Thanos: You're strong... but I could snap my fingers... and you'd all cease to exist.
On-Set Proxima Midnight: He'll die alone, as will you. 
Natasha Romanoff: She's not alone.
Tony Stark: We haven't caught up, have we? 
Bruce Banner: No. 
Tony Stark: The Avengers broke up. We're toast. 
Bruce Banner: Broke up? Like a band? Like the Beatles?
Natasha Romanoff: Hi, Bruce. 
Bruce Banner: ...Nat 
Sam Wilson: This is awkward.
Peter Parker: Whoa, whoa, whoa, please don't put your eggs in me!
Ebony Maw: Hear me and rejoice. You have had the privilege of being saved by the great Thanos. You may think this is suffering, no. It is salvation. The universal scale tips toward balance because of your sacrifice. Smile. For even in death, you have become children of Thanos. 
Thanos: I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail none the less. 
Thanos: Frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you to what end? Dread it? Run from it? Destiny arrives all the same, and now it's here. Or should I say:  I am. 
Thor: You talk too much. 
Thanos: The Tesseract. Or your brother's head. I assume you have a preference. 
Loki: Oh, I do. Kill away. 
Thor: Loki: All right, stop! 
Thor: We don't have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard. 
Loki: Thor: You really are the worst, brother. 
Loki: I assure you, brother... the sun will shine on us again. 
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian. 
Loki: Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk. 
Ebony Maw: Let him have his fun. 
Thanos: That was a mistake 
Thor: No! You're going to die for that. 
Ebony Maw: My humble personage bows before your grandeur. No other being has ever the might, nay the nobility, to wield not one, but two Infinity Stones. The universe, lies within your grasp. 
Thanos: There are two more stones on Earth. Find them my children, bring them to me on Titan. 
Proxima Midnight: Father, we will not fail you. 
Loki: If I might interject. If you're going to Earth, you might want a guide. I do have a bit of experience in that area. 
Thanos: If you consider failure experience. 
Loki: I consider experience experience. Almighty Thanos... I, Loki, prince of Asgard... Odinson... the rightful king of the Jotunheim... god of mischief... do hereby pledge to you... my undying fidelity. 
Thanos: Undying? You should chose your words more carefully. 
Loki: You... will never be... a god 
Thanos: No resurrections this time.
Peter Parker: Tony, I'm sorry... I'm sorry.
Thor: Who the hell are you guys?
Mantis: Death follows him like a shadow.
Thanos: How is it you know this place so well? 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): A lifetime ago, I too sought the stones. I even held one in my hand. But it cast me out, banished me here, guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess.
Tony Stark: You're from Earth? 
Peter Quill: I'm not from Earth, I'm from Missouri. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, that's on Earth, dipshit!
M'Baku: This could be the end of Wakanda. 
Okoye: Then we shall make it the noblest ending in history.
Thanos: No resurrections this time.
Peter Quill: What the hell happened to this planet? Eight degrees off its axis, gravitational pull is all over the place. 
Tony Stark: Yeah. We got one advantage, he's coming to us. We'll use it. Alright I have a plan. It's pretty simple:  we'll draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don't wanna dance with this guy, we just want the gauntlet. 
Tony Stark: Are you yawning? In the middle of this, while I'm breaking it down? Huh? Did you hear what I said? 
Drax: I stopped listening after you said "We need a plan" 
Peter Quill: See, not winging it isn't really what they do. 
Peter Parker: Uh, what exactly is it that they do? 
Mantis: Kick names, take ass. 
Drax: Yeah, that's right. 
Tony Stark: Alright. Just get over here, please? Mr Lord, can you get your folks to circle up? 
Peter Quill: "Mr Lord", Star Lord is fine. 
Tony Stark: We've gotta coalesce. Cause if all we come out with is a plucky attitude... 
Peter Quill: Dude! Don't call us plucky. We don't know what it means. Alright, we're optimistic, yes. I like your plan, except it sucks. So let me do the plan, and that way it might be really good. 
Drax: Tell him about the dance off to save the universe. 
Tony Stark: What dance off? 
Peter Quill: It's not a... it's not a... it... 
Peter Parker: Like in Footloose the movie? 
Peter Quill: Exactly like Footloose. Is it still the greatest movie in history? 
Peter Parker: It never was. 
Tony Stark: Don't encourage this, alright. We're getting no help from "Flash Gordon"... 
Peter Quill: "Flash Gordon", by the way, that's a compliment. Don't forget I'm half human so that 50% of me that's stupid, that's a 100% you. 
Tony Stark: Your math is blowing my mind 
Mantis: Excuse me, but does your friend often do that? 
Tony Stark: Strange? You alright? 
Tony Stark: You're back here. 
Peter Parker: Hey, what was that? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I went forward in time. To view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict. 
Peter Quill: How many did you see? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Fourteen million, six hundred and five. 
Tony Stark: How many did we win? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: One.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I went forward in time... to view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict. 
Peter Quill: How many did you see? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Fourteen million six hundred and five. 
Tony Stark: How many did we win? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: ...One.
Dr. Stephen Strange: If it comes to saving you, or the kid, or the Time Stone, I will not hesitate to let either of you die.
Eitri: Damn it. 
Rocket Raccoon: "Damn it?" What's "damn it" mean? 
Eitri: The mechanism is crippled. 
Thor: What? 
Eitri: With the iris closed, I can't heat the metal. 
Thor: How long will it take to heat? 
Eitri: A few minutes, maybe more. Why? 
Thor: I'm gonna hold it open. 
Eitri: That's suicide. 
Thor: So is facing Thanos without that axe.
Peter Parker: Oh My God! I should've stayed on the bus!
Thor: I bid you farewell and good luck, morons.
Ebony Maw: Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now i... 
Tony Stark: I'm sorry! Earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get outta here. 
Ebony Maw: Stone keeper. Does this chattering animal speak for you? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Certainly not, I speak for myself. You are trespassing in this city and on this planet. 
Tony Stark: He means get lost, Squidward!
Rocket Raccoon: Well, if fate does want you to kill that crap-sack, you're gonna need more than one stupid eyeball. 
Thor: What's this? 
Rocket Raccoon: What's it look like? Some jerk lost a bet with me in Contraxia. 
Thor: They gave you his eye? 
Rocket Raccoon: No, he gave me a hundred credits. I snuck into his room later that night and stole his eye. 
Thor: Thank you, sweet rabbit. 
Rocket Raccoon: Ooh. I would've washed that. The only way I could sneak that off Contraxia was up my... 
Rocket Raccoon: Hey, we're here.
Thanos: When I'm done, half of humanity will still exist. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be... I hope they remember you.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Spare his life and I'll give you the stone.
Tony Stark: We have one advantage:  He's coming to us... so that's what we use.
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Welcome Thanos, son of Alars. Gamora, daughter of Thanos. 
Thanos: You know us? 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): It is my curse to know all who journey here. 
Thanos: Where is the Soul Stone? 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): You should know it exacts a terrible price. 
Thanos: I am prepared. 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): We all think that at first. We are all wrong.
T'Challa: Today we don't fight for any life... we fight for ALL of them.
T'Challa: Yibambe! 
Wakandans: YIBAMBE!
Tony Stark: So this is it? It's all been leading to this.
Thanos: I thought you might be hungry. 
Gamora: I always hated that chair. 
Thanos: So I've been told.
Thor: More power, Rabbit!
Steve Rogers: New haircut? 
Thor: Looks like you've copied my beard. By the way, this is a friend of mine, the tree. 
Groot: I am Groot! 
Steve Rogers: I am Steve Rogers.
T'Challa: Wakanda forever!
Gamora: You promised. You promised! 
Thanos: Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him. 
Thanos: She's asked, hasn't she? 
Thanos: Do it. 
Thanos: Do it! 
Peter Quill: I told you to go right! 
Gamora: I love you, more than anything. 
Peter Quill: I love you, too.
Thanos: The hardest choices require the strongest will. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: You will find our will equal to your own!
Gamora: Swear that if Thanos comes for me, you'll kill me. Swear on your mother.
Rocket Raccoon: Come and get some, space dogs!
Bruce Banner: Thanos has the biggest army in the universe. And he is not gonna stop until he... he gets... Vision's stone. 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, then we have to protect it. 
Vision: No, we have to destroy it. I've been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. Also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something very similar to its own signature, perhaps... its molecular integrity will fail. 
Wanda Maximoff: Yeah, and you with it. I'm not having this conversation. 
Vision: Eliminating the stone is the only way to be certain Thanos can't get it. 
Wanda Maximoff: That's too high a price. 
Vision: Only you have the power to pay it.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Oh yeah. You're much more of a Thanos. 
Thanos: I take it the Maw's dead. This day extracts a heavy toll, still he accomplished his mission. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: You may regret that. He brought you face to face with the Master of the Mystic Arts. 
Thanos: Where do you think he brought you? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Let me guess, your home? 
Thanos: It was, and it was beautiful. Titan was like most planets. When we faced extinction, I offered a solution. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Genocide. 
Thanos: They called me a mad man. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Congratulations, you're a prophet. 
Thanos: I'm a survivor. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who wants to murder trillions. 
Thanos: With all six stones I can simply snap my fingers and it'll all cease to exist. I call that, mercy. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Then what? 
Thanos: I finally rest, and watch the sunrise on a grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest will. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I think you'll find our will, equal, to yours. 
Thanos: Our? 
Tony Stark: Piece of cake Quill. 
Peter Quill: Yeah, if your goal was to piss him off!
Nebula: He did it.
Tony Stark: Tell me his name again. 
Bruce Banner: Thanos. He's a plague, Tony. He invades planets. He takes what he wants. He wipes out half the population. He sent Loki. The attack on New York, that's him. 
Tony Stark: This is it. What's our timeline? 
Bruce Banner: No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones. That already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe. If he gets his hands on all six stones, Tony... 
Dr. Stephen Strange: He could destroy life on a scale hitherto undreamt of. 
Tony Stark: Did you seriously just say "hitherto undreamt of?" 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Are you seriously leaning on the Cauldron of the Cosmos? 
Bruce Banner: Is that what it is? 
Tony Stark: I'm going to allow that.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Tony... there was no other way. 
Peter Parker: Mr. Stark? I don't feel so good. 
Tony Stark: You're all right. 
Peter Parker: I don't-I don't know what's happening. I don't... Save me, save me! 
Peter Parker: I don't want to go. I don't want to go, Mr. Stark. Please. Please, I don't want to go. I don't want to go... 
Peter Parker: I'm sorry...
Peter Quill: Everybody stay where you are, chill the eff out! 
Peter Quill: I'm gonna ask you this one time:  where is Gamora? 
Tony Stark: Yeah, I'll do you one better:  WHO'S Gamora? 
Drax: I'll do YOU one better:  WHY is Gamora? 
Peter Quill: Tell me where the girl is, or I swear to you, I'm gonna french-fry this little freak! 
Tony Stark: Let's do it! You shoot my guy and I'll blast him! Let's go! 
Drax: Do it, Quill! I can take it. 
Mantis: No, he can't take it! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: She's right, you can't. 
Peter Quill: Oh yeah? You don't wanna tell me where she is? That's fine, I'll kill all three of you and I'll beat it out of Thanos myself! 
Peter Quill: Starting with you! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Wait, what? Thanos? Alright, let me ask you this one time:  what master do you serve? 
Peter Quill: What master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus? 
Tony Stark: You're from Earth? 
Peter Quill: I'm not from Earth, I'm from Missouri. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, that's on EARTH, dipshit. What're you hassling us for? 
Peter Parker: So you're not with Thanos? 
Peter Quill: "With Thanos?" No! I'm here to kill Thanos! He took my girl -- wait, who are you? 
Peter Parker: We're the Avengers, man. 
Mantis: You're the ones Thor told us about! 
Tony Stark: You know Thor? 
Peter Quill: Yeah. Tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Where is he now?
Mantis: He is in anguish... he mourns... 
Drax: What does this MONSTER have to MOURN? 
Nebula: Gamora. He went to Vormir with her, he came back with the Soul stone, which means... 
Peter Quill: Asshole!
Bruce Banner: Oh, no you don't. This isn't gonna be like New York, pal. This suit's already kicked the crap out of the Hulk.
Tony Stark: Wow. You are a seriously loyal piece of hardware. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, Speaking of loyalty... 
Peter Parker: I know what you're gonna say to me. 
Tony Stark: You should not be here. 
Peter Parker: I was gonna go home. 
Tony Stark: I don't want to hear it. 
Peter Parker: But it was such a long way down and I just thought about... 
Tony Stark: And now, I gotta hear it. 
Peter Parker: And this suit is, ridiculously intuitive, by the way. So, if anything, its kind of your fault that I'm here. 
Tony Stark: What did you just say? 
Peter Parker: I take that back.
Rocket Raccoon: How much for the gun? 
Bucky Barnes: It's not for sale. 
Rocket Raccoon: Okay, then how much for the arm? 
Rocket Raccoon: Oh, I'll get that arm.
Thor: Families can be tough. Before my father died, he told me I had a half-sister that he imprisoned in hell. Then she returned home and stabbed me in the eye. So I had to kill her. That's life though, isn't it, I guess. Goest round and round and... I feel your pain.
Asgardian Distress Call: This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman. We are under assault. I repeat, we are under assault. The engines are dead, life support failing. Requesting aid from any vessel within range. We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families. We have very few soldiers here. This is not a warcraft. I repeat, this is not a warcraft!
Thanos: All this, just for a drop of blood.
Thor: You're going to die for that! 
Ebony Maw: Shhh.
Thor: I told you, you'd die for that. 
Thanos: You... should've gone for the head
Thor: Something is very wrong.
T'Challa: Up, General. Up! This is no place to die. 
Okoye: Hezvo?
Gamora's Mother: Shh. We're gonna be safe 
Young Gamora: Ebony Maw: Choose a side or die. One side a revelation, the other an honour known only to a few. 
Thanos: What's wrong little one? 
Young Gamora: My mother. Where's my mother? 
Thanos: What's your name? 
Young Gamora: Gamora. 
Thanos: You're quite the fighter Gamora. Come, let me help you. 
Thanos: Look. 
Thanos: Pretty, isn't is? 
Thanos: Perfectly balanced, as all things should be. Too much to one side and the other... 
Thanos: Here, you try. 
Ebony Maw: Now go in peace and meet your maker. 
Thanos: Uh-uh, concentrate. There, you got it.
Tony Stark: You throw another moon at me, I'm gonna lose it. 
Thanos: Stark! 
Tony Stark: You know me? 
Thanos: You're not the only one cursed with knowledge. 
Tony Stark: My only curse is you.
Peter Quill: I'm gonna blow that nutsack of a chin right off your face.
Wanda Maximoff: Are you ok? 
Vision: Wanda Maximoff: What is it? 
Vision: He's here. 
Steve Rogers: Everyone on my position, we have incoming. 
Bruce Banner: Cap, that's him. 
Steve Rogers: Eyes up. Stay sharp!
Bruce Banner: Woah. 
Shuri: The structure is polymorphic. 
Bruce Banner: Right. We... we had to attach each neuron none... none sequentially. 
Shuri: Why didn't you just preprogram the synopsis to work collectively? 
Bruce Banner: Because, we, didn't... think of it? 
Shuri: I'm sure you did your best. 
Wanda Maximoff: Can you do it? 
Shuri: Yes. But there are more than two trillion neurons here. One misalignment could cause a cascade of circuit failures. 
Shuri: It will take time brother. 
Steve Rogers: How long? 
Shuri: As long as you can give me. 
Sam Wilson: Hey, Cap. We got a situation out here. 
Bucky Barnes: Man, I love this place. 
James Rhodes: Don't start celebrating yet guys. We got more incoming outside the dome! 
Vision: It's too late. We need to destroy the stone now. 
Natasha Romanoff: Vision, get your ass back on the table. 
T'Challa: We will hold them off. 
Steve Rogers: Wanda. As soon as that stone is out of his head, you blow it to hell. 
Wanda Maximoff: I will. 
T'Challa: Evacuate the city, engage all defences and get this man a shield.
Thor: Bring me Thanos!
Peter Quill: For the record, I know you're only going to Nidavellir because it's where Thanos isn't.
Rocket Raccoon: This is Thanos we're talking about. He's the toughest there is 
Thor: Well, he has never fought me. 
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah he has. 
Thor: He has never fought me twice.
Thanos: When you left me all those years ago, I allowed it. You haven't been under the impression that you escaped? Daughter, I raised you so much smarter than that. 
Gamora: I am not your daughter! You didn't raise me, you kidnapped me, orphaned me, and imprisoned me! Everything I hate about myself comes from you.
Dr. Stephen Strange: A simple spell, but quite effective. 
Ebony Maw: Then I will take it off your corpse.
Steve Rogers: Mr Secretary. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You got some nerve, I'll give you that. 
Natasha Romanoff: You could use some of that right now. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: The world's on fire and you think all is forgiven? 
Steve Rogers: I'm not looking for forgiveness, and I'm way past asking permission. Earth just lost her best defender, so we're here to fight. If you wanna stand in our way, we'll fight you too. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Arrest them. 
James Rhodes: All over it. 
James Rhodes: . That's a court marshal. Great to see you Cap. 
Steve Rogers: You too Rhodey. 
Natasha Romanoff: Hey. 
James Rhodes: Well. You guys, really look like crap. Must've been a rough couple of years. 
Sam Wilson: Yeah. Well, the hotels weren't exactly five star. 
Bruce Banner: I think you look great. Yeah, I'm back. 
Natasha Romanoff: Hi Bruce. 
Bruce Banner: Nat. 
Sam Wilson: This is awkward.
Steve Rogers: Together. 
Tony Stark: We'll lose. 
Steve Rogers: Then we'll do that together, too.
Thanos: You're full of tricks, wizard.
Peter Quill: Let her go, Grimace!
Proxima Midnight: He'll die alone, as will you. 
Natasha Romanoff: She's not alone.
Tony Stark: Alright kid, you're an Avenger now...
Tony Stark: Come on. We got a situation. See him down there? He's in trouble. What's your plan? Go. 
Peter Parker: Um. Okay, okay... uh... Okay. Did you ever see this really old movie, Aliens?
Thanos: You're strong. Me. You're generous. Me. But I never taught you to lie. That's why you're so bad at it.
Thor: Rocket Raccoon: Wipers! Wipers! Get it off! 
Peter Quill: Wake him up. 
Mantis: Wake. 
Thor: Who the hell are you guys?
Dr. Stephen Strange: A simple spell, but quite unbreakable. 
Ebony Maw: Then I will take it off your corpse.
Peter Quill: I feel your pain as well, because... I mean, it's not a competition, but I've been through a lot. My father killed my mother. And then I had to kill my father. That was hard. Probably even harder than having to kill a sister. Plus, I came out with both my eyes, which was...
Peter Quill: Not so strong now, huh? Where's Gamora? 
Thanos: My Gamora... 
Peter Quill: Oh, bullshit! Where is she? 
Mantis: He is in anguish. 
Peter Quill: Good. 
Mantis: He... he mourns. 
Drax: What does this MONSTER have to mourn? 
Nebula: Gamora. 
Peter Quill: What? 
Nebula: He took her to Vormir. He came back with the Soul Stone... and she didn't. 
Tony Stark: Okay, Quill, you gotta cool it right now. You understand? Don't. Don't engage, we almost got this off! 
Peter Quill: Tell me she's lying. 
Peter Quill: ASSHOLE! Tell me you didn't do it! 
Thanos: I... had... to. 
Peter Quill: No, you didn't... No, you didn't. 
Peter Quill: NO, YOU DIDN'T!
Bruce Banner: Thanos is coming... He's coming. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who?
Thanos: You're strong. Me, the generous... me. But I never taught you to lie. That's why you're so bad at it.
James Rhodes: Sam? Sam, where are you at?
Natasha Romanoff: We don't want to kill you, but we will 
Proxima Midnight: You'll never get the chance again
Iron Man: Kid, that's the wizard. Get on it. 
Spider-Man: On it! 
Spider-Man: Not cool.
Thanos: You have my respect Stark. When I'm done, half of humanity will still be alive. I hope They remember you.
Tony Stark: Yeah, we got one advantage. He's coming to us. We use it. Alright, I have a plan. At least the beginnings of one. It's pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don't want to dance with this guy, we just want the gauntlet. 
Tony Stark: Are you yawning? In the middle of this, while I'm breaking it down? Huh? Did you hear what I said? 
Drax: I stopped listening after you said we need a plan. 
Tony Stark: Okay, Mr. Clean's on his own page. 
Peter Quill: See, not winging it isn't really what they do. 
Peter Parker: Uh, what exactly is it that they do? 
Mantis: Kick names, take ass. 
Drax: Yeah, that's right. 
Tony Stark: All right, just get over here, please? Mr. Lord, can you get your folks to circle up? 
Peter Quill: Mr. Lord... Star-Lord is fine. 
Tony Stark: We've gotta coalesce. Because if all we come at him with is a plucky attitude... 
Peter Quill: Dude, don't call us plucky. We don't know what it means. All right, we're optimistic, yes. I like your plan, except it sucks. So let me do the plan, and that way, it might be really good. 
Drax: Tell him about the dance-off to save the Universe. 
Tony Stark: What dance-off? 
Peter Quill: It's not a, it's not a, it's not a... 
Peter Parker: Like in Footloose? The movie? 
Peter Quill: Exactly like Footloose! Is it still the greatest movie in history? 
Peter Parker: It never was. 
Tony Stark: Don't encourage this alright? We're getting no help from Flash Gordon. 
Peter Quill: Flash Gordon? By the way, that's a compliment. Don't forget, I'm half-human. So that's 50% of me that's stupid, and that's 100% you. 
Tony Stark: Your math is blowing my mind.
Ebony Maw: In all the time I have served Thanos, I have never failed him. If I were to reach our rendezvous on time, with the Time Stone still attached to your vaguely irritating person, there will be... judgment.
Bruce Banner: Ha! You guys are so screwed now!
Thanos: Today I lost more than you could know, but now is no time to mourn. Now, is no time at all
T'Challa: Today, we don't fight for just one life. We fight for all of them.
Thanos: Well, well. 
Nebula: You should have killed me. 
Thanos: Would have been a waste of parts!
Ebony Maw: Hear me... and rejoice. You have had the privilege of being saved by the Great Titan... You may think this is suffering... No. It is salvation... Universal scales, tipped toward balance because of your sacrifice... Smile, for even in death you have become children of Thanos.
Steve Rogers: New haircut? 
Thor: Noticed you've copied my beard. 
Thor: Oh, by the way, this is a friend of mine, Tree. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Steve Rogers: I am Steve Rogers.
Groot: I am Groot. 
Rocket Raccoon: No, Groot... no, no, no, no! Oh... Groot. No...
Spider-Man: Let me just say, if aliens wind up implanting eggs in my chest, or something and I eat one of you, I'm sorry. 
Iron Man: I do not want another single pop culture reference out of you for the rest of the trip. Do you understand? 
Spider-Man: I'm trying to say that something is coming. 
Drax: Thanos! 
Spider-Man: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Please don't put your eggs in me! 
Star-Lord: Stay down, clown. 
Drax: Die, blanket of death! 
Star-Lord: Everybody, stay where you are. Chill the F out. 
Star-Lord: I'm gonna ask you this one time. Where is Gamora? 
Iron Man: Yeah, I'll do you one better. Who is Gamora? 
Drax: I'll do *you* one better. Why is Gamora? 
Star-Lord: Tell me where the girl is, or I swear to you I'm gonna French fry this little freak. 
Iron Man: Let's do it. You shoot my guy and I'll blast him. Let's go! 
Drax: Do it, Quill! I can take it. 
Mantis: No, he can't take it! 
Doctor Strange: She's right. He can't. 
Star-Lord: Oh, yeah? You don't wanna tell me where she is? That's fine. I'll kill all three of you and I'll beat it out of Thanos myself. 
Star-Lord: Starting with you. 
Doctor Strange: Wait, what, Thanos? Alright, let me ask you this one time. What master do you serve? 
Star-Lord: What master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus? 
Iron Man: You're from Earth. 
Star-Lord: I'm not from Earth, I'm from Missouri. 
Iron Man: Yeah, that's on Earth, dipshit. What are you hassling us for? 
Spider-Man: So you're not with Thanos? 
Star-Lord: *With* Thanos? No, I'm here to kill Thanos. He took my girl. Wait, who are you? 
Spider-Man: We're the Avengers, man. 
Mantis: You're the ones Thor told us about. 
Iron Man: You know Thor? 
Star-Lord: Yeah. Tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving. 
Doctor Strange: Where is he now?
Bruce Banner: There's too many of them! 
Bruce Banner: You guys are so screwed now! 
Thor: BRING ME THANOS!
Thanos: I understand, my child. Better than anyone. 
Scarlet Witch: You could never.
Spider-Man: Hey, man. What's up, Mr. Stark? 
Iron Man: Kid, where'd you come from? 
Spider-Man: A field trip to MoMA. 
Spider-Man: Uh, what is this guy's problem, Mr. Stark? 
Iron Man: Uh, he's from space. He came here to steal a necklace from a wizard.
Okoye: The King's Guard and the Dora Milaje have been alerted. 
T'Challa: And the Border Tribe? 
Okoye: Those that are left. 
T'Challa: Send word to the Jabari as well. M'Baku likes a good fight. 
Okoye: And what of this one? 
T'Challa: This one may be tired of war, but the White Wolf has rested long enough. 
Bucky Barnes: Where's the fight? 
T'Challa: On its way.
Iron Man: Is he under? Don't let up. 
Mantis: Be quick. He is very strong. 
Iron Man: Parker, help. Get over here. She can't hold him much longer. Let's go. 
Spider-Man: We gotta open his fingers to get it off. 
Star-Lord: I thought you'd be harder to catch. By the way, this was my plan. Not so strong now, huh? Where is Gamora? 
Thanos: M-My Gamora. 
Star-Lord: Oh, bullshit. Where is she? 
Mantis: He is in anguish. 
Star-Lord: Good. 
Mantis: He... he mourns. 
Drax: What does this monster have to mourn? 
Nebula: Gamora. 
Star-Lord: What? 
Nebula: He took her to Vormir. He came back with the Soul Stone. But she didn't. 
Iron Man: Okay, Quill, you gotta cool it right now. You understand? Don't, don't, don't engage. We almost got this off! 
Star-Lord: Tell me she's lying. Asshole, tell me you didn't do it! 
Thanos: I had to. 
Star-Lord: No, you didn't. No, you didn't. 
Star-Lord: NO, YOU DIDN'T! 
Iron Man: Quill! Hey, stop! Hey, stop, stop! 
Spider-Man: It's coming, it's coming, it's coming! I got it! I got it! 
Spider-Man: Oh, God.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Under no circumstances can we bring the Time Stone to Thanos. I don't think you quite understand... 
Tony Stark: What? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: ...what's at stake here. 
Tony Stark: No, it's you who doesn't understand that Thanos has been inside my head for six years. Since he sent an army to New York and now he's back. And I don't know what to do. So I'm not so sure if it's a better plan to fight him on our turf or his, but you saw what they did, what they can do. At least on his turf, he's not expecting it. So I take we take the fight to him. Doctor. Do you concur?
Bruce Banner: Should we bow? 
James Rhodes: Yeah, he's a king. 
Steve Rogers: Seems like I'm always thanking you for something. 
Bruce Banner: James Rhodes: What are you doing? 
T'Challa: Uh, we, we don't do that here. 
T'Challa: So how big of an assault should we expect? 
Bruce Banner: Uh, sir, sir, I think you should expect quite a big assault. 
Natasha Romanoff: How we looking? 
T'Challa: You will have my King's Guard, the Border Tribe, the Dora Milaje and... 
Bucky Barnes: A semi-stable hundred year old man. 
Steve Rogers: How you been, Buck? 
Bucky Barnes: Oh, not bad for the end of the world.
Peter Parker: Uhh, Mr. Stark? I'm being beamed up!
Vision: The blade. It stopped me from phasing. 
Wanda Maximoff: Is that even possible? 
Vision: It isn't supposed to be. My systems are failing. I'm beginning to think... we should have stayed in bed.
Steve Rogers: Mr Secretary. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You got some nerve, I'll give you that. 
Natasha Romanoff: You could use some of that right now. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: The world's on fire and you think all is forgiven? 
Steve Rogers: I'm not looking for forgiveness, and I'm way past asking permission. Earth just lost her best defender, so we're here to fight. If you wanna stand in our way, we'll fight you too. 
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Arrest them. 
James Rhodes: All over it. 
James Rhodes: . That's a court marshal. Great to see you Cap. 
Steve Rogers: You too Rhodey. 
Natasha Romanoff: Hey. 
James Rhodes: Well. You guys, really look like crap. Must've been a rough couple of years. 
Sam Wilson: Yeah. Well, the hotels weren't exactly five star. 
Hulk: I think you look great. Yeah, I'm back. 
Natasha Romanoff: Hi Bruce. 
Hulk: Nat. 
Sam Wilson: This is awkward.
Drax: THANOS!
Mantis: Death follows him like a shadow...
Corvus Glaive: Give up the stone and she lives.
Falcon: Guys, we got a Vision situation here! 
Steve Rogers: Somebody get to Vision! 
Bruce Banner: I got him! 
Scarlet Witch: On my way. 
Proxima Midnight: He'll die alone. As will you. 
Black Widow: She's not alone.
Bruce Banner: We need all hands on deck. Where's Clint? 
Black Widow: After the whole Accords situation, he and Scott took a deal. It was too tough on their families. They're on house arrest. 
Bruce Banner: Who's Scott? 
Steve Rogers: Scott Lang. Ant-Man. 
Bruce Banner: There's an Ant-Man *and* a Spider-Man?
Ebony Maw: Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine. 
Iron Man: Yeah, but the kid's seen more movies. 
Spider-Man: Yes! Wait, what are those? 
Spider-Man: Hey, we haven't officially met. 
Spider-Man: Cool.
Bruce Banner: Vision is out there somewhere with the Mind Stone, and we have to find him now. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, that's the thing. 
Bruce Banner: What do you mean? 
Tony Stark: Two weeks ago, Vision turned off his transponder. He's offline. 
Bruce Banner: What? 
Tony Stark: Yeah. 
Bruce Banner: Tony, you lost another super-bot? 
Tony Stark: I didn't lose him. He's more than that. He's evolving. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Well, who could find Vision, then? 
Tony Stark: Shit. 
Tony Stark: Probably Steve Rogers. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Oh, great. 
Tony Stark: Maybe.
Tony Stark: Cap and I fell out hard. We're not on speaking terms. 
Bruce Banner: Tony, listen to me. Thor's gone. Thanos is coming. It doesn't matter who you're talking to or not.
Thor: Knowhere. 
Mantis: He must be going somewhere. 
Peter Quill: No, no. Knowhere? It's a place, we've been there. It sucks.
Peter Parker: Mr. Stark, it smells like a new car in here!
Eitri: You understand boy, you're taking the full force of a star. It'll kill you. 
Thor: And if I die? 
Eitri: Yes, that's what killing you means
Dr. Stephen Strange: A simple spell, but quite unbreakable. 
Ebony Maw: Then I will take it off you a corpse.
James Rhodes: What is this? What the hell is happening? 
Steve Rogers: Oh, God.
Iron Man: We're getting no help from Flash Gordon here. 
Star-Lord: Flash Gordon? By the way, that's a complement. Don't forget I'm half human. So that's fifty percent of me that's stupid, that's one hundred percent of you. 
Iron Man: Your math is blowing my mind. 
Mantis: Excuse me, but does your friend often do that? 
Iron Man: Strange? We all right? You're back. You're alright. 
Spider-Man: Hey, what was that? 
Doctor Strange: I went forward in time to view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict. 
Star-Lord: How many did you see? 
Doctor Strange: Fourteen million, six hundred and five. 
Iron Man: How many did we win? 
Doctor Strange: One.
Thanos: I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right... yet to fail, nonetheless. 
Thanos: It's frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. But I ask you, to what end? Dread it, run from it... destiny arrives all the same. And now, it's here. Or should I say... I am. 
Thor: You talk too much. 
Thanos: The Tesseract. Or your brother's head. I assume you have a preference. 
Loki: Oh, I do. Kill away. 
Loki: All right, stop! 
Thor: We don't have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard. 
Thor: You really are the worst brother. 
Loki: I assure you, brother... the sun will shine on us again. 
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian. 
Loki: Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk.
Proxima Midnight: Get up. 
Corvus Glaive: I can't. 
Black Widow: We don't wanna kill you, but we will. 
Proxima Midnight: You'll never get the chance again.
Doctor Strange: Congratulations, you're a prophet. 
Thanos: I'm a survivor. 
Doctor Strange: Who wants to murder trillions. 
Thanos: With all six stones, I could simply snap my fingers. They would all cease to exist. I call that mercy. 
Doctor Strange: And then what? 
Thanos: I'd finally rest and watch the sun rise on a grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest wills. 
Doctor Strange: I think you'll find our will equal to yours. 
Thanos: Our? 
Iron Man: Piece of cake, Quill. 
Star-Lord: Yeah, if your goal was to piss him off.
Spider-Man: Magic! More magic! Magic with a kick! Magic with a... 
Thanos: Insect!
Scarlet Witch: Are you okay? 
Vision: He's here. 
Steve Rogers: Everyone on my position. We have incoming 
Black Widow: What the hell? 
Bruce Banner: Cap. That's him. 
Steve Rogers: Eyes up. Stay sharp.
Star-Lord: Let her go, Grimace! 
Gamora: Peter... 
Star-Lord: I told you to go right. 
Gamora: Now? Really? 
Star-Lord: You let her go! 
Thanos: Ah, the boyfriend. 
Star-Lord: Like to think of myself more as a Titan-killing, long-term booty call. Let. Her. Go. 
Gamora: Peter. 
Star-Lord: I'm gonna blow that chin right off your face. 
Gamora: Peter. Not him. 
Gamora: You promised. You promised. 
Thanos: Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him. 
Thanos: She's asked, hasn't she? Do it. 
Thanos: Do it! 
Star-Lord: I told you to go right... 
Gamora: I love you more than anything. 
Star-Lord: I love you too. 
Thanos: I like you.
James Rhodes: Wow, you guys... really look like crap. Must've been a rough couple of years. 
Falcon: Yeah, well the hotels weren't exactly five stars. 
Bruce Banner: Uh, I think you look great. 
Bruce Banner: Yeah, I'm back. 
Black Widow: Hi, Bruce. 
Bruce Banner: Nat. 
Falcon: This is awkward.
Rocket Raccoon: Come and get some, space dogs! 
Rocket Raccoon: Come on! Get some! Get some! Get some! Come on, get some!
Peter Quill: Look, this is my ship. And I'm not going to... wait, what kind of... w-what kind of weapon are talkin' about here? 
Thor: The Thanos-killing kind. 
Peter Quill: Don't you think that we should all have a weapon like that? 
Thor: No. You simply lack the strength to wield them. Your bodies would crumble as your minds collapsed into madness. 
Rocket Raccoon: Is it weird that I wanna do it even more now? 
Thor: Mmm, a little bit, yeah.
Thor: Only Eitri the Dwarf can make me the weapon I need. I assume you're the captain, sir. 
Rocket Raccoon: You're very perceptive. 
Thor: You seem like a noble leader. Will you join me on my quest to Nidavellir? 
Rocket Raccoon: Ah, let me just ask the captain. Oh, wait a second, it's me! Yeah. I'll go.
Natasha Romanoff: Where's your other friend? 
Proxima Midnight: He will pay for his life with yours. Thanos will have that stone. 
Steve Rogers: That's not gonna happen. 
T'Challa: You are in Wakanda now. Thanos will have nothing but dust, and blood. 
Proxima Midnight: We, have blood to spare. 
Bucky Barnes: They surrender? 
Steve Rogers: Not exactly.
Thor: You really are the worst brother. 
Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again. 
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian. 
Loki: Well for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk. 
Ebony Maw: Let him have his fun. 
Heimdall: All-fathers, let the dark magic flow through me one last time. 
Thanos: That was a mistake. 
Thor: NO! You're going to die for that! 
Ebony Maw: Shh.
Nebula: Mantis, listen very carefully. I need you to meet me on Titan.
Thanos: Stark. 
Tony Stark: You know me? 
Thanos: I do you're not the only one cursed with knowledge.
Tony Stark: Tell me his name again. 
Bus Driver: Thanos. He's a plague Tony, he invades planets, he takes what it wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki!... the attack on New York, that's him! 
Tony Stark: This is it... what's our timeline? 
Bus Driver: No telling. He has the power and space stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe, if he gets his hands on all six stones Tony... 
Drax: He could destroy life on a scale hither to undreamt of. 
Tony Stark: Did you seriously just said "hitherto undreamt of"?
Nick Fury: Motherf...
Peter Parker: I don't feel so good Mr. Stark. 
Tony Stark: You're alright. 
Peter Parker: I don't want to go, please, I don't want to go Mr. Stark. I am sorry, tony, I am sorry.
Peter Quill: You let her go! 
Thanos: Ah, the boyfriend. 
Peter Quill: I'd like to think of myself more as a titan-killing, long-term booty call.
Tony Stark: Why did you do that? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: We're in the end game, now.
Dr. Stephen Strange: TONY, There was no other way .
Thor: I told you... that you would die for that. 
Thanos: You should've gone for the head. 
Thor: NO!
T'Challa: Up general, up! This is no place to die.
Gamora: All my life I dreamed of a day, a moment, when you got what you deserved. And I was always so disappointed. But now you kill and torture and you call it mercy. The universe has judged you. You asked it for a prize and it told you no. You failed. And do you want to know why? Because you love nothing. No one. 
Gamora: Really, tears? 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): They are not for him. 
Gamora: No. This isn't love. 
Thanos: I ignored my destiny once. I cannot do that again. Even for you. I'm sorry, Gamora. 
Gamora: NO!
Thor: What did you do? What did you do? 
Steve Rogers: Where'd he go? Thor? Where'd he go?
Eitri: You understand boy? You're about to take the full force of a star. It'll kill you. 
Thor: Only if I die. 
Eitri: Yes. That's what killing you means.
Bruce Banner: You guys are dead now! 
Thor: Bring me THANOS!
Scott Lang: Dr. Hank Pym: Hiya, champ, how was school today? 
Scott Lang: Aw, ha ha ha! Alright, get your jokes out now, can you fix the suit? 
Hope van Dyne: So cranky. 
Dr. Hank Pym: You want a juice box and some string cheese? 
Scott Lang: Do you really have that?
Scott Lang: Hold on, you gave her wings? 
Dr. Hank Pym: And blasters. 
Scott Lang: Wings and blasters. So I take it you didn't have that tech available for me. 
Dr. Hank Pym: No, I did.
Cassie: You can do it. You can do anything. You're the world's greatest grandma.
Scott Lang: How did he even have time to buy a ticket? 
Scott Lang: Won't you just, one time, please, work! 
Scott Lang: Yes! Oh, alright, I need help. Yes! 
Scott Lang: Oh... sorry. 
Scott Lang: Hey! Come on, man! Not cool! 
Scott Lang: Murderers! 
Scott Lang: Yes! I'm gonna call you ANT-onio Banderas! 
Scott Lang: No, no! 
Scott Lang: ANT-onio!
Shrunken Car Man: Well, the 60s were fun, but now I'm paying for it!
Jimmy Woo: You got away with it this time, Scott, but I'll be seeing you again. 
Scott Lang: Where? 
Jimmy Woo: Huh? 
Scott Lang: Where will you be seeing me again? 
Jimmy Woo: Like, in general I'll see, like, the next time you... do something bad I'll be there... 
Scott Lang: Oh. 
Jimmy Woo: ...to catch you. 
Scott Lang: You'll be watching and... 
Jimmy Woo: Yeah. 
Scott Lang: I thought you were inviting me somewhere. 
Jimmy Woo: Why would I do that? 
Scott Lang: That's what I was wondering. Why would you do that? I... 
Jimmy Woo: Like a party? Or dinner or something? 
Scott Lang: I don't know, I thought you were... 
Jimmy Woo: No, I meant... 
Scott Lang: ...planning the evening. 
Jimmy Woo: No, I meant to, like, arrest you. 
Scott Lang: No, that'd be a little strange. 
Jimmy Woo: Like, I'll arrest you later again. 
Scott Lang: Take it easy. 
Jimmy Woo: Okay. 
Jimmy Woo: Did you want to grab dinner or something? Because, I mean - 
Jimmy Woo: Because I'm free...
Hope van Dyne: Oh, my God. You *didn't* destroy the suit? 
Dr. Hank Pym: WHAT? 
Scott Lang: Well, it was your life's work, Hank. I couldn't destroy that. Before I turned myself in, I shrunk it down and mailed it to Luis. 
Dr. Hank Pym: You sent my suit through the MAIL? 
Scott Lang: Hey, the postal service is very reliable, you know? They do tracking numbers now. Like UPS.
Scott Lang: Hello? Ha-ha, very funny. Hank, quit screwing around. You told me yourself, not screw around. 
Scott Lang: Hank? Hope? Janet? Guys... Guys? Be seriously, don't joke around! Bring me up, let's go! GUYS!
Dr. Hank Pym: Relax. No one's gonna recognize us. 
Scott Lang: What, because of hats and sunglasses? It's not a disguise, Hank. We look like ourselves at a baseball game.
Scott Lang: I had a dream. She was playing hide and seek with a little... girl. Cassie and I do it all the time. It doesn't mean anything. 
Hope van Dyne: But, was it Cassie in the dream? 
Scott Lang: No. 
Hope van Dyne: Where was she hiding? 
Scott Lang: What? 
Hope van Dyne: The little girl, where was she hiding. Was it in a wardrobe?. 
Scott Lang: No, in a tall dresser 
Dr. Hank Pym: You mean a wardrobe. 
Scott Lang: Is that what that's called?
Dr. Hank Pym: Last night we powered up the tunnel for the first time. It overloaded, and it shut down. But for a split second, the doorway to the Quantum Realm was opened. 
Scott Lang: And? 
Hope van Dyne: And five minutes later, you called. Talking about Mom. 
Dr. Hank Pym: We think when you went down there, you may have entangled with her. 
Scott Lang: Hank, I would never do that. I respect you too much. 
Dr. Hank Pym: *Quantum* entanglement, Scott.
Luis: So anyway, this guy gets out of jail and starts working for Hank. And that's when he met Hope. And Hope's all like, "I want nothing to do with you. Look at my hairdo. I'm all business." And then Scotty's like, "You know what, girl? My heart's all broken, and I'll probably never find love again. But damn, if I want to kiss you!" But then you fast-forward and they're all like into each other, right? And then Scotty's like, "You know what, I can't tell you this, but I'm gonna go trashing the airport with Captain America!" Then she said, "I can't believe you split like that! Smell you later, dummy!" So Scotty goes on house arrest, and he won't admit it, but his heart's all like, "Damn! I thought Hope could've been my new true partner. But I blew it!" But fate brought them back together, and then Hope's heart is all, "I'm worried that I can't trust him. And he's gonna screw up again and ruin everything." And in my heart, it's all like, "That fancy raspberry filling represents the company's rent. And we're days away from going out of business! Oooh!" 
Kurt: Out of business? 
Dave: Days away? 
Luis: Damn truth serum!
Sonny Burch: Okay, hold on, hold on. I like a good story as much as the next person, but what in the hell does this have to do with where Scott Lang is? 
Luis: I'm getting there. I'm getting there. 
Dave: You put a dime in him, and you gotta let the whole song play out. 
Kurt: He like human jukebox. 
Luis: Oh, my abuelita had a jukebox in the restaurant! Yeah, only played Morrissey. And if anybody ever complained, she'd be like "Oh, ¿no te gusta Moz". You know, Chicanos we call him "Moz". "Then, ¡adiós!". What can I say? You know, we relate to this melancholy ballads. You know?
Luis: Tell me you got the van washed for tomorrow morning. 
Dave: Down to the undercarriage, baby. 
Luis: You sprung for the undercarriage wash? 
Dave: Well, you said get the works. 
Luis: That's a scam, Bro. We live in California, not Minnesota! 
Sonny Burch: He's right. The undercarriage wash. That's for cleaning off road salt. Laid out in all those snow-laden sister states. 
Luis: Who are you and why do you know so much about car wash protocol?
Dr. Bill Foster: I was partners with Hank on a project called Goliath. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Excuse me? You were my partner? 
Dr. Bill Foster: The only thing more tiring than going big was putting up with Hank's bullshit. 
Scott Lang: Right... I don't know. How big did you get? 
Dr. Bill Foster: My record? 21 feet. 
Scott Lang: Not bad. 
Dr. Bill Foster: You? 
Scott Lang: I don't... 
Dr. Bill Foster: No, really. I'm curious. 
Scott Lang: 65 feet. Yeah. 
Dr. Bill Foster: Whoa! Huge. 
Scott Lang: 65. 
Hope van Dyne: If you two are finished comparing sizes... we need to figure a way to track down the lab.
Luis: Wazzuuuuup?
Hope van Dyne: What took you so long? 
Scott Lang: Sorry, I had to come up with a name for my ant. I'm thinking Ulysses S. Gr-Ant.
Luis: You know what? You're right. This isn't truth serum. 'Cause I don't feel anything. That was a lie. I did feel something. This is truth serum!
Dave: You put a dime in him, you got to let the whole song play out.
Dr. Hank Pym: Are you going to keep staring at each other until they start shooting at us?
Dr. Hank Pym: Just tell me you weren't lying about the suit you took. Tell me you really destroyed it. 
Scott Lang: I did. I destroyed it. I swear. 
Dr. Hank Pym: I can't believe you destroyed my suit! That was my life's work.
Maggie: Cassie, let the man get by. 
Cassie: But Daddy's super sick! 
Jimmy Woo: I'll see about that. 
Cassie: He says he doesn't want anyone else to get sick. 
Jimmy Woo: Well, I'll take my chances, sweetie. 
Cassie: He barfed. Like, a lot. 
Jimmy Woo: Young lady, I'm a federal agent. I've seen worse things than vomit. Like, 'a lot' a lot?
Cassie: Why can't you just leave my daddy alone? 
Jimmy Woo: Oh, Cassie. This must all seem like a bunch of confusing grown-up stuff to you, huh? Well, think of it this way. Your school has rules, right? Like, you can't draw on the walls. Well your daddy went to Germany and drew on the walls with Captain America. And that was a violation of Article 16, Paragraph Three of the Sokovia Accords. Now, as a part of his joint plea deal with Homeland Security and the German government... he was allowed to return to the U.S. provided he serve two years under house arrest followed by three years of probation. And avoid any unauthorized activities, technology or contact with any former associates who were or currently are in violation of said Accords. Or any related statutes. Ok, sweetie? 
Scott Lang: Wow, you're really great with kids. 
Jimmy Woo: Thanks, I'm also a youth pastor.
Sonny Burch: I've committed numerous health code violations at my restaurant. Some of them will shock you.
Scott Lang: Anyone seen a Southern gentleman carrying a building?
Cassie: There! It's the microtreasure! 
Scott Lang: My trophy? 
Cassie: It looks like treasure. 
Scott Lang: Oh, it is to me. 
Cassie: I wanna take it to show and tell. 
Scott Lang: Oh, you can't do that. Can't. It never leaves the house. It's too important. This is the best birthday present you ever got me. I'm so touched you think I'm the 'World's Greatest Grandma.'" 
Cassie: It was the only one they had. 
Scott Lang: Makes me wanna knit you a sweater.
Maggie: Oh, my god! You people can't just show up here whenever you want and search the place 
Paxton: Actually, they can. 
Maggie: You need a warrant. 
Paxton: Actually, they don't. 
Maggie: Really? Wow.
Hope van Dyne: What color was it? 
Scott Lang: Red. 
Hope van Dyne: Where there horses on it? 
Scott Lang: Oh, boy. 
Hope van Dyne: It's where I hid every time that we played. 
Scott Lang: It doesn't sound like you really got the gist of the game. 
Hope van Dyne: She's alive.
Cassie: I had a fun weekend, Daddy. 
Scott Lang: Me too, peanut. But just wait 'til next weekend. Once I'm out of here, you and I are gonna go paint this town red. We'll have so much ice cream, we'll never stop puking. 
Maggie: You're getting good at that. 
Paxton: How'd you do that?
Jimmy Woo: Not to be a Johnny ask-a-lot, but you haven't had any contact with Hank Pym or Hope van Dyne, have you? 
Scott Lang: No. 
Jimmy Woo: You sure? Because it's only a matter of time before we get 'em. It was their tech, so they violated the Accords, too. And associating with them breaks your deal. And, uh, I don't need to remind you that any violation of your agreement means 20 years in prison. Minimum. 
Scott Lang: I haven't talked to Hank or Hope in forever. 
Cassie: They hate his guts. 
Scott Lang: Thanks, peanut. 
Jimmy Woo: How'd you do it, Scott? 
Scott Lang: Do what? 
Jimmy Woo: The card trick. 
Scott Lang: Seriously?
Scott Lang: Come on, Woo. I've got three days left. Why would I try to escape? 
Jimmy Woo: Sorry, Scott, but rules are rules. You trip the perimeter alarm, we search the place. Keel to stern, soup to nuts. 
Scott Lang: Thank you. It was an accident. My foot went through the fence. 
Cassie: Our flying ant crashed. 
Scott Lang: Hey, you try and entertain a ten-year-old when you can't leave the house. You know the lengths that I've gone to? 
Scott Lang: Close-up magic. 
Scott Lang: I learned that.
Maggie: What does the FBI even stand for? Forever Bothering Individuals?
Dr. Hank Pym: I still think about the night your mother and I had to leave you.
Luis: I mean, we gotta land this bird. 
Scott Lang: He ain't goin' anywhere. And the expression is "land this fish." 
Luis: No, it's "land the bird." Just like you land the plane. You gotta land the plane to be in business. 
Scott Lang: I know it's silly to get hung up on these kinds of things, but I do. 
Luis: How am I gonna land a fish? It can't walk. And if it swam up on shore, and it battled a hawk, who's gonna win? 
Scott Lang: You've really turned me around on this thing.
Scott Lang: Now, we're sure this is our shrunken building and not someone else's, right?
Luis: By the way, I love that suit! 
Hope van Dyne: Thanks, man. 
Luis: I wish I had a suit. I would even like a suit with like minimal powers, you know? Or maybe, even just a suit. With no powers.
Scott Lang: So, uh, how do we find the lab? 
Dr. Hank Pym: After we lost it the first time... I put on a new tracker... of sorts. 
Scott Lang: That'll work.
Hope van Dyne: So, Cassie... what do you want to be when you grow up? 
Cassie: I wanna help people. Like my dad. 
Hope van Dyne: Really? 
Cassie: I wanted to be his partner. Be he said he wants you. 
Hope van Dyne: Is that so?
Hope van Dyne: Scott? 
Ant-Man: What're you two just standing around for? We gotta go find that lab. 
Dr. Hank Pym: What about me? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Perfect.
Cassie: Trying to help people isn't dumb. 
Scott Lang: Well... I screw it up just about every time. 
Cassie: So maybe you just need someone watching your back. Like a partner. 
Scott Lang: Well, she's made it clear that's about the last thing she wants. 
Cassie: Who? 
Scott Lang: Hope. 
Scott Lang: Wait, who did you think? 
Cassie: Me. 
Scott Lang: You? 
Cassie: Don't laugh. I'd be a great partner. 
Scott Lang: Aw, peanut. Aw. You would be awesome. And if I let you, I would be a terrible dad.
Dr. Hank Pym: I'm tracking your signal using subatomic frequencies between .2 and .9. 
Scott Lang: I'd narrow it to four and six. 
Dr. Hank Pym: That's too tight. We could miss you. 
Scott Lang: Look at us squabbling again. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Fine. All right, between three and seven. 
Scott Lang: Our first fight in decades, and it's over just like that. 
Scott Lang: Bullseye. 
Hope van Dyne: Source lock. 
Dr. Hank Pym: It's you. 
Hope van Dyne: We got it! 
Scott Lang: You have to meet me at these exact coordinates. In the wasteland, beyond the quantum void. It's very dangerous, especially on the human mind, so be careful. Time and space work very differently down here. You have two hours. After that, the probability fields will shift, and it'll be another century before they align like this again. 
Hope van Dyne: We'll find you. 
Scott Lang: I know you will, Jelly Bean. 
Scott Lang: Nope. Nothing. I got nothing. No sign of Janet. Perfect. 
Scott Lang: How did we get up here?
Dr. Bill Foster: Calm down, Hank. 
Dr. Hank Pym: So help me God... the pills. 
Hope van Dyne: It's his heart! He needs his pills. Please, Dr. Foster. They're in the tin. Please. He could die! For Chr... come on! 
Scott Lang: Help him! 
Hope van Dyne: Dad, just hang on, all right? Just keep breathing. Stay calm. 
Scott Lang: Help him, man! Come on! 
Hope van Dyne: The Altoid tin! 
Ava: Wait! 
Scott Lang: Thanks, guys.
Scott Lang: You have to take me home. They could show up any second! 
Hope van Dyne: Relax. As far as your nanny cops know, you're still at home. 
Luis: Whoa! Scotty? 
Hope van Dyne: He's programmed to replicate your daily routine. Nine hours in bed. Five hours in front of the TV. Two hours in the bathroom, whatever that's about. 
Scott Lang: That's totally inaccurate. And how do you know about my daily routine? Are you spying on me? 
Hope van Dyne: We keep tabs on all security threats, all right? And so far, the biggest one we've had is you.
Dr. Hank Pym: So I'm a terrible partner? Foster, he hasn't had one good idea in his unremarkable career. 
Hope van Dyne: But his idea about the diffractors could work, right? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Fine, one decent idea. Except I eliminated the diffractors when I upgraded the suits. 
Scott Lang: So, if we had an old suit, we might be able to track down the lab? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Yes, but we don't. 
Scott Lang: What if we did? 
Hope van Dyne: What do you mean? 
Scott Lang: I mean... life's funny.
Hope van Dyne: We think she might have put some kind of a message in your head. Hopefully, a location. And opening the tunnel triggered it. 
Scott Lang: Your mom put a message in my head? Come on. That's insane. 
Dr. Hank Pym: No, Scott. Insane is going to Germany without telling us and fighting the Avengers.
Scott Lang: Hey, Hank. It's been a while. Um, I don't even know if this is your number anymore. And I'm... I'm probably the last person you wanna hear from, but... I just had a really weird dream. And I know that doesn't sound like an emergency or anything, but it just felt very real. I was back in the quantum realm, and I think I saw your wife. And then I was your wife. I mean, not, you know, in a weird way or anything. You know, hearing this out loud, I'm thinking, uh, it's not an emergency. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm sorry for a lot of things.
Scott Lang: I do some dumb things, and the people I love the most - they pay the price.
Luis: Wow, Dr. Pym. Like, who would've thought that, once again, in your hour of need, that you would turn to us? You know? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Not me.
Scott Lang: You know, my Pap-pap always said if you wanna do something right, you make a list. So, we should do that. One, we have to break into that lab. Two, we have to kick out Foster and Ghost. Three, we have to fight Ghost. That seems like it should be part of 2. 2-A. Right? Let's call it 2-A. Fight Ghost, 2-A. Oh! Also, we have to make sure that the lab is fully grown for you to come back. Otherwise we're screwed...
Dr. Hank Pym: All right, what's our plan? 
Hope van Dyne: To shrink that wall. 
Dr. Hank Pym: It looks load-bearing. The ceiling could collapse. 
Hope van Dyne: Then we run like hell. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Now, I estimate fifteen to twenty agents on the floor. 
Hope van Dyne: Roughly five times that in the building at large. 
Dr. Hank Pym: They're all heavily armed. 
Hope van Dyne: Not great odds. 
Dr. Hank Pym: You got any better ideas? 
Hope van Dyne: Nope. And I'm not giving up on mom. 
Dr. Hank Pym: She'd be so proud of you.
Ant-Man: Hope, what are you doing? You're heading away from the rendezvous point. 
Hope van Dyne: Don't worry. I'm taking these guys on the scenic route. 
Ant-Man: Wait, what're you... oh!
Hope van Dyne: Really? This guy again? 
Ant-Man: Who? 
Sonny Burch: I told you our business wasn't over.
Dr. Hank Pym: Janet, how is this possible? 
Hope van Dyne: It wasn't a message you put in Scott's head. It was an antenna. 
Scott Lang: Clever girl. I'm so proud of you. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Honey, tell us where you are. Tell us how to find you. 
Scott Lang: No, the probability fields are too complex. That's why I needed to talk to you. You have to follow my voice. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Of course! 
Hope van Dyne: Like tracing a call back to its source.
Janet Van Dyne: Your pain. I can feel it. 
Ava: It hurts. It always hurts. 
Janet Van Dyne: I'm sorry. I think I can help you. 
Scott Lang: Did you know she could do that?
Ava: Leave me here. 
Dr. Bill Foster: We can make it. 
Ava: You said it yourself. I've hurt people. But you haven't. Go. Please! 
Dr. Bill Foster: We can make it, Ava. 
Ava: Bill... 
Dr. Bill Foster: I'm not leaving you.
Hope van Dyne: Scott, what are you doing? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Scott, get away from that! 
Hope van Dyne: Scott, you can't... 
Scott Lang: I'm sorry, I don't know how much time I have. I need to fix the algorithm. Trust me, after thirty years down here... I've thought about it a lot. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Janet? 
Scott Lang: Hi, honey. 
Scott Lang: Oh, Jelly Bean. 
Hope van Dyne: Mom? 
Scott Lang: It's not the reunion I'd imagined. It's all so rushed. You two have done such great work. You just need a little... nudge.
Agent Burleigh: Agent Woo will see you in an hour. 
Dr. Hank Pym: An hour? We don't have an hour. 
Agent Burleigh: Oh, you got somewhere else to be? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Oh, now, that's my girl.
Scott Lang: I'm sorry, all right? I'm... I didn't think I'd get caught. 
Hope van Dyne: You didn't think about a lot of things. 
Scott Lang: How's Hank? 
Hope van Dyne: We're still running. The house is gone, so is our freedom. How do you think he is? 
Scott Lang: I'm sorry. I know you're mad. 
Hope van Dyne: I'm not looking for an apology, Scott. The only reason why we're even talking is because we need what's in your head.
Hope van Dyne: What do you want? 
Sonny Burch: Relationships are built on trust, Hope. And I want our relationship to have a strong foundation. 
Hope van Dyne: Our relationship? 
Sonny Burch: My business landscape has been shifting, Hope. Hell, S.H.I.E.L.D. and Hydra don't even exist anymore, but now, Hank, Pym... Hank Pym is a real opportunity. 
Hope van Dyne: Do you have a point? 
Sonny Burch: Oh, you think that I don't know what you've been building with all this? Quantum technology. Now, you can forget nanotech, forget AI, forget cryptocurrency. Quantum energy is the future. It's the next gold rush. 
Hope van Dyne: Is that so? 
Sonny Burch: I want in, Hope. So, as a gesture of good will, I have taken the liberty of arranging some buyers for your lab. Starting bid, $1 billion. 
Hope van Dyne: Thank you, Sonny, really. But my father and I have something slightly more pressing than starting a business. So I'll just take the component as arranged. 
Sonny Burch: My buyers don't take no for an answer. So we are either in business together, or we aren't in business together. 
Hope van Dyne: Then I guess we aren't. 
Sonny Burch: You can go. But I'm afraid your money's gonna have to remain. Let's call it compensation for my injured feelings. 
Hope van Dyne: Listen, Sonny. This is gonna be so much easier on everybody if you just give me that component. 
Sonny Burch: Darlin', the only thing you're taking from here is my heart, but it will mend in time. 
Hope van Dyne: Okay. 
Scott Lang: So, now what? 
Dr. Hank Pym: You'll see.
Sonny Burch: You know, I have a... a special friend at the FBI. And I say special because, well, he tells me things that I didn't previously know. For example... your name isn't Susan. It's Hope van Dyne. And your unseen associate, that's your father, Hank Pym. 
Scott Lang: That's not good, Hank. 
Dr. Hank Pym: No shit.
Dr. Hank Pym: Ava, I want to help you. 
Dr. Bill Foster: She doesn't need your help. I know how to save her. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Oh, really? How? 
Ava: Janet. 
Dr. Bill Foster: For the last thirty years, she's been down there absorbing quantum energy. We can extract that energy. We can use it to repair Ava's molecular structure... 
Dr. Hank Pym: Extract it? 
Dr. Bill Foster: Yes. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Are you insane? That would rip Janet apart. 
Dr. Bill Foster: You don't know that. I'm gonna fire up your tunnel. When Janet's location pops into Lang's head, he's gonna give it to me, or I'm gonna turn him over to the FBI. 
Scott Lang: What? 
Dr. Bill Foster: You are gonna stay here just in case I need your help. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Like hell I would help you! 
Ava: You'll do whatever I say. 
Dr. Hank Pym: You're gonna kill Janet! 
Ava: I'd be more worried about yourself, Hank.
Sonny Burch: Not my turn-of-the-century chandelier! Stop firing! Stop!
Hope van Dyne: It was a pleasure doing business with you, Sonny. 
Sonny Burch: Oh, our business isn't finished yet, Hope. I can assure you of that! 
Sonny Burch: What in the hell is that?
Hope van Dyne: The sooner we get the tunnel working, the sooner we can get this message out of his head. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Does Burch have it? 
Hope van Dyne: Yeah. Let's go. 
Scott Lang: What part? Who's Burch? Wait, what's happening?
Ava: Dr. Foster did his best to keep me safe. But others at S.H.I.E.L.D. saw an opportunity in my affliction. They built me a containment suit, so I could control my phasing. And trained me to be a stealth operative. They weaponized me. I stole for them. Spied for them. I killed for them. And in exchange for my soul... they were going to cure me. They lied. 
Dr. Bill Foster: When S.H.I.E.L.D. collapsed, I took Ava in. I built the chamber to slow her decay, but her condition was progressive. I didn't know how to cure it. 
Dr. Bill Foster: She wanted to kill you, Hank, but I told her no, and that she should watch you instead. And sure enough, she discovered that you were building the tunnel. 
Dr. Bill Foster: Then she told me about Lang. And the message from Janet inside his head... 
Dr. Bill Foster: ...that's when I... Christ's sake! 
Scott Lang: That's me. I'm sorry. Look, can you tell me who's texting me? 
Dr. Bill Foster: "Cassie, 911." 
Scott Lang: That's my daughter. I need to text her back. 
Dr. Bill Foster: No, that's not happening. 
Scott Lang: What, it's 911. That means it's an emergency. 
Dr. Bill Foster: You're not making demands here, Lang. You're not appreciating the gravity of the... 
Scott Lang: Okay, look, she's trying to video chat me now. Something might be wrong. Let me talk to her. Please.
Jimmy Woo: But, Doctor, campus police says they IDed both Pym and Van Dyne. 
Dr. Bill Foster: I don't know what to tell you, Agent. I haven't talked to Hank in 30 years. I can assure you I'm the last person he would want to visit. 
Agent Stoltz: Oh, come on, you expect us, to... 
Jimmy Woo: Hey, hey. Why is that? 
Dr. Bill Foster: Simple. We hate each other's guts.
Hope van Dyne: What the hell is going on here? 
Ava: I doubt Hank has ever mentioned my father. Why would he? Elihas Starr. They were colleagues at S.H.I.E.L.D. Quantum research. Until my father dared disagree with the great Hank Pym. You had him fired. Oh, and discredited for good measure. My father tried to continue his research on his own. Desperate to restore his name, so he took risks. Too many. Until something went wrong. He told us to run. 
Hope van Dyne: I could tell he was scared. I didn't want him to be alone. 
Ava: When I woke up, my parents were dead. I wasn't so lucky. They call it molecular disequilibrium. A rather dull name, I think. Doesn't quite do justice to what it means. Every cell in my body is torn apart and stitched back together. Over and over. Every day.
Scott Lang: Work-in-progress my ass!
Sonny Burch: Where... is Scott Lang? 
Luis: Well, see, that's complicated. 'Cause when I first met Scotty, he was in a bad place. And I'm not talking about cell block D. His wife had just filed for divorce. And I was like, "Damn, homie, she dumped you while you were in lock-up?" And he's like, "Yeah, I know. I thought I was gonna be with her forever, but now, I'm all alone!" And I was like, "Damn, homie, you gotta chin up. 'Cause you'll find a new partner. But you know what? I'm Luis." And he says, "You know what? I'm Scotty. And we're gonna be best friends."
Hope van Dyne: What took you so long? 
Scott Lang: She just wanted to give me a hug, wish me luck. 
Hope van Dyne: Really? 
Scott Lang: Yeah.
Luis: The undercarriage is filthy!
Cassie: Don't just stand there! Let's bounce before the po-po come back! 
Scott Lang: Po-po? How do you even know that?
Cassie: Oh no! The fuzz!
Sonny Burch: I'm gonna ask you one more time. Where is Scott Lang? 
Luis: I've been trying to tell you, he's in a tricky spot, emotionally speaking. 
Sonny Burch: Emotionally speaking. Well, where is Scott Lang *LITERALLY SPEAKING*! 
Luis: Oh! The woods. 
Ava: The woods? 
Kurt: Baba Yaga!
Hope van Dyne: Thanks to you, we had to run. We're still running.
Hope van Dyne: Dad, are you seeing this? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Hope, get out of there? 
Ava: Scott Lang: I gotta do something! 
Dr. Hank Pym: Wait! 
Dr. Hank Pym: He's still a work in progress.
Janet Van Dyne: Also, make sure you stay out of the tardigrade fields. They're cute but they'll eat you.
Scott Lang: Now, if you just excuse me, I'm in the middle of trying to steal something with my daughter.
Luis: Oh, you got Pezed!
Dr. Bill Foster: It's incredible. Your link to Janet. It's Quantum entanglement, between the quantum states composed of her molecules and your brains. 
Scott Lang: Yeah. That's what I was thinking. Do you guys just put the word 'quantum' in front of everything?
Dr. Hank Pym: I'm so sorry it took so long. 
Janet Van Dyne: No. No. You're here now. Let's go home.
Scott Lang: So, this is it. 
Hope van Dyne: Yeah. You'd think with all this time to prepare, I'd be more ready. 
Scott Lang: Oh, going subatomic isn't something you can prepare for. It kind of... melts your mind. 
Hope van Dyne: I mean seeing my mom again. 
Scott Lang: Oh. 
Hope van Dyne: What if she's a completely different person? 
Scott Lang: Yeah, like, uh, George Washington. 
Hope van Dyne: I'm serious, Scott. 
Scott Lang: Or George Jefferson. 
Hope van Dyne: What if she's forgotten about me? 
Scott Lang: When I was in prison... the only thing that got me through was Cassie. I could have been locked up for a hundred years, I never would have forgotten her. I know your mom is counting the minutes until she can see you again.
Janet Van Dyne: Scott 
Scott Lang: Ms. Van Dyne. It's nice to... well, I guess we've already met. 
Janet Van Dyne: Yeah. I guess we have.
Hope van Dyne: Don't ever touch him again. 
Ava: Now, now, Hope, I think I'm being rather gentle with your father, all things considered 
Dr. Hank Pym: What the hell are you talking about? 
Dr. Bill Foster: Another casualty of Hank Pym's ego. 
Dr. Hank Pym: Bill. What have you done? 
Ava: It's what you've done, Dr. Pym. 
Scott Lang: You're with her? Oh, man. I thought you were cool.
Sonny Burch: Susan! Welcome to Oui. 
Hope van Dyne: Sonny. 
Sonny Burch: Oui is French for "yes." As in "yes" to farm-to-table, "yes" to locally sourced, and "yes" to planet before profit. 
Hope van Dyne: Well, let's hope it also means "yes" to "Do you have the component I ordered?". 
Sonny Burch: You know, I have always loved your sense of humor, Susan. Have a seat. 
Hope van Dyne: No, I'm good. Thank you.
Dr. Hank Pym: I used to be a respected scientist. I had my names on the sides of buildings. Now, I got this. 
Janet Van Dyne: Well, you wanted a smaller quantum tunnel. This is... smaller. 
Scott Lang: Oh. Sorry. My bad. 
Janet Van Dyne: Ah, I think it has flair. 
Scott Lang: All right. Control's online. 
Hope Van Dyne: The collection unit activates when you decouple it. It should automatically start absorbing quantum healing particles. 
Janet Van Dyne: Also, make sure you stay out of the tardigrade fields. They're cute, but they'll eat you. And don't get sucked into a time vortex. We won't be able to save you. 
Hope Van Dyne: Okay. Going subatomic in five, four, three, two, one. 
Dr. Hank Pym: All right, Scott, this is a mic check. 
Scott Lang: Mic check, one, two. One, two. How's everybody doing tonight in the quantum realm? 
Dr. Hank Pym: Scott, we read you. 
Scott Lang: I just wanna make sure. 
Scott Lang: Okay. Healing particles secured for our new Ghost friend. 
Janet Van Dyne: Great. Preparing for re-entry in five, four, three... 
Scott Lang: Hello? Ha, ha. Very funny. Hank, quit screwing around. You told me yourself not to screw around. 
Scott Lang: Hank? Hope? Janet? Guys. Guys. Okay, seriously, don't joke around. Bring me up! Let's go! GUYS!
Luis: Whassup? You don't remember, uh that beloved commercial? Whassup?
Ava: Nothing can prepare you for what's coming.
Hope van Dyne: No more last minute business trips, okay?
Luis: Oh, you know what? I heard stories, like what happened to you. Like this crazy, creepy cat who like, walks through walls and stuff. Like a... Like a Ghost! 
Kurt: Like Baba Yaga. Baba Yaga. The witch. They tell stories to children to frighten them. You know Baba Yaga?
Ava: This is the way!
Maria Rambeau: You call me 'young lady' again, I'll shove my foot up somewhere it's not supposed to be. 
Talos: Am I supposed to guess where that is? 
Nick Fury, Carol Danvers: Your ass!
Nick Fury: You know anything about a lady blowing up a Blockbuster? Witnesses say she was dressed for laser tag.
Nick Fury: We have no idea what other intergalactic threats are out there. And our one woman security force had a prior commitment on the other side of the universe. S.H.I.E.L.D. alone can't protect us. We need to find more. 
Agent Coulson: More weapons? 
Nick Fury: More heroes. 
Agent Coulson: You think you can find others like her? 
Nick Fury: We found her and we weren't even looking.
Carol Danvers: You have three names. What do people call you? 
Nick Fury: Fury. 
Carol Danvers: Just Fury? 
Nick Fury: Yep. Not Nicholas. Not Joseph. Just Fury. 
Carol Danvers: What does your mother call you then? 
Nick Fury: Fury. 
Carol Danvers: What do your friends call you? 
Nick Fury: Fury. 
Carol Danvers: Kids? 
Nick Fury: If I ever have them? Fury.
Carol Danvers: I have nothing to prove to you.
Carol Danvers: What is it? 
Nick Fury: It's a S.H.I.E.L.D. logo. 
Carol Danvers: Does, uh, announcing your identity On clothing help with the covert part of your job? 
Nick Fury: Said the space soldier who's wearing a rubber suit.
Maria Rambeau: You are Carol Danvers. You were the woman on that black box risking her life to do the right thing. My best friend. Who supported me as a mother and a pilot when no one else did. You were smart, and funny, and a huge pain in the ass. And you were the most powerful person I knew, way before you could shoot fire through your fists.
Carol Danvers: Name a detail so bizarre, a Skrull can never fabricate it. 
Nick Fury: If a toast is cut diagonally, I can't eat it. 
Nick Fury: You didn't need that, did you? 
Carol Danvers: No. No, I didn't. But I enjoyed it.
Ronan: We'll be back for the weapon. 
The Other Accuser: The core? 
Ronan: The woman.
Carol Danvers: Well, I could use a co-pilot. 
Maria Rambeau: No. No, I can't. I can't leave Monica. 
Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old): Mommy, it's okay. I can stay with grandma and poppa. 
Maria Rambeau: There's no way I'm going, baby. It's too dangerous. 
Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old): Testing for new aerospace tech is dangerous. Didn't you used to do that? 
Maria Rambeau: Your plan is to leave the atmosphere in a craft not designed for the journey, and you anticipate hostile encounters with a technologically superior foreign enemy. Correct? 
Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old): That's what I'm saying. You have to go! 
Maria Rambeau: Monica. 
Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old): You have a chance to fly the coolest mission in the history of missions. And you're going to give it up to sit on the couch and watch Fresh Prince with me? I just think you should consider what kind of example you're setting for your daughter.
Nick Fury: Coulson. New guy. Guess he doesn't hate me yet.
Nick Fury: Space invasion, big car chase... truth be told, I was ready to hang it up. 'Till I met you today.
Carol Danvers: You're right. I'm only human. 
Supreme Intelligence: On Hala, you were reborn, Vers. 
Carol Danvers: My name is Carol.
Carol Danvers: I've been fighting with one arm tied behind my back. But what happens when... 
Carol Danvers: ... I'm finally set free?
Nick Fury: Oh! Let me get my fingerprint out. Just let me unravel this puppy and we'll... 
Nick Fury: You sat there and watched me play with tape, when all you had to do was... 
Carol Danvers: I didn't want to steal your thunder.
Carol Danvers: I keep having these... memories. I see flashes. I think I have a life here. But I can't tell if it's real.
Carol Danvers: Higher, further, faster, baby.
Kree Computer: Species:  Flerken. Threat:  High. 
Nick Fury: It's a cat, not Hannibal Lecter. 
Kree Computer: Species:  Human Male. Threat:  Low to None. 
Nick Fury: That thing's clearly busted.
Carol Danvers: He lied to me. Everything that I knew was a lie. 
Talos: Now, you understand. 
Carol Danvers: What? What do I understand now? 
Talos: Yon-Rogg killed Mar-Vell. He killed her... 'cause she found out that she was on the wrong side of an unjust war. 
Carol Danvers: No. Your people are terrorists. They kill innocents. I saw the ruins on Torfa. 
Talos: Ruins that the Accusers are responsible for. My people lived as refugees on Torfa. Homeless, ever since we resisted Kree rule and they destroyed our planet. And the handful of us that are left... will be slaughtered next, unless you help me finish what Mar-Vell started. The core that she found would have powered a light-speed ship capable of carrying us to safety. A new home... where the Kree can't reach us. 
Maria Rambeau: Lawson always told us that our work at Pegasus wasn't to fight wars, but to end them. 
Talos: She wanted you to help us find the core. 
Carol Danvers: Well, I already destroyed it. 
Talos: No, you destroyed the engine. The core that powered it is in a remote location. If you help us decode those coordinates, we can find it. 
Carol Danvers: You'll use it to destroy us. 
Talos: We just want a home. You and I lost everything at the hands of the Kree. Can't you see it now? You're not one of them. 
Carol Danvers: You don't know me. You have no idea who I am. I don't even know who I am! 
Maria Rambeau: You are Carol Danvers. You are that woman on the Black Box risking her life to do the right thing. My best friend, who supported me as a mother and a pilot when no one else did. You are smart, and funny, and a huge pain in the ass, and you were the most powerful person I knew. Way before you could shoot fire from your fists. You hear me? Do you hear me? 
Maria Rambeau: Come here. Come here, girl. I got you.
Nick Fury: You know you're glowing, right? 
Carol Danvers: I'll explain it later. 
Carol Danvers: Take the Tesseract. Leave the lunch box. 
Nick Fury: Me? 
Carol Danvers: Yes. 
Nick Fury: I'm not touching that thing. 
Carol Danvers: You want me to get you an oven mitt? 
Nick Fury: Whoa! 
Carol Danvers: Get the Skrulls on the Quadjet and go. Take the... Flerken with you. 
Maria Rambeau: What about you? 
Carol Danvers: I'll buy you some time! 
Nick Fury: I'm picking you up now. 
Nick Fury: I'm trusting you not to eat me.
Nick Fury: I know a renegade soldier when I see one. Never occurred to me that one might come from above.
Steve Rogers: This is a nightmare. 
Natasha Romanoff: I've had better nightmares. 
James Rhodes: Hey. So that thing just stopped doing whatever the hell it was doing. 
Natasha Romanoff: What do we got? 
Bruce Banner: Whatever signal it was sending finally crapped out. 
Steve Rogers: I thought we bypassed the battery. 
James Rhodes: We did. It's still plugged in. It just... it just stopped. 
Steve Rogers: Reboot it. Send the signal again. 
Bruce Banner: But we don't even know what this is. 
Natasha Romanoff: Fury did. Just do it, please. You tell me the second you get a signal. I wanna know who's on the other end of that thing. 
Carol Danvers: Where's Fury?
Maria Rambeau: Can I ask you something? Do you just turn into anything you want? 
Talos: Ah well, I have to see it first. 
Maria Rambeau: Can you all do it? 
Talos: Physiologically, yeah. But it takes practice and, um, dare I say it, talent to do it well. 
Nick Fury: Can you turn into a cat? 
Talos: What's a cat? 
Maria Rambeau: What about a filing cabinet? 
Talos: Why would I turn into a filing cabinet? 
Nick Fury: A venus fly trap. I'll give you $50 right now if you turn into a venus fly trap.
Nick Fury: That was a close call, huh, Goosey? Huh? 
Nick Fury: Those bad guys still in there somewhere? 
Nick Fury: Ow! Mother Flerken! 
Maria Rambeau: Are you okay? 
Nick Fury: Yeah. It's just a scratch. 
Talos: No.
Talos: This is war. My hands are filthy from it too. But we're here now. You found my family, this is just the beginning.
Nick Fury: Hey there. How are you? Oh my goodness. Look at you. Just look at you. Aren't you the cutest looking thing? Aren't you cute? And what's your name, huh? What's your name? "Goose." Cool name for a cool cat. 
Carol Danvers: Fury? 
Nick Fury: Hmm? 
Nick Fury: I'll be back.
Carol Danvers: I'm not gonna fight your war. I'm gonna end it.
Korath: You think you're funny, but I'm not laughing. 
Att-Lass: You never laugh. 
Korath: I laugh, on the inside. And I'm not doing it now.
Nick Fury: If I played the same pinball machine for six years, I'd have some high scores, too.
Carol Danvers: What did you do to me? 
Talos: Now we're just after a little information. 
Carol Danvers: What did you put in my head? 
Talos: Nothing that wasn't already there. 
Carol Danvers: But those aren't my memories. 
Talos: Yeah, it's like a bad trip, isn't it? I'm not surprised you can't keep it straight. They really did a number on you. 
Carol Danvers: Enough of your mind games! What do you want? 
Talos: We're looking for the location of a Dr. Lawson and her light-speed engine. 
Carol Danvers: I don't know any Dr. Lawson. 
Talos: Really? Then why is she in your head?
Carol Danvers: I upgraded it. Range should be, a couple galaxies, at least. 
Nick Fury: What? You think I'm going to prank call you? 
Carol Danvers: For emergencies only. Okay? 
Nick Fury: Well, if you're ever passing back through this galaxy, be sure to give a brother a shout.
Nick Fury: So... you're not from around here. 
Carol Danvers: It's hard to explain.
Carol Danvers: I'm kind of done with you telling me what I can't do.
Stan Lee: Trust me, true believer. Trust me.
Korath: Ever been to C-53? 
Minn-Erva: Once. It's a shithole.
Carol Danvers: I slipped. 
Yon-Rogg: Right. You slipped. As a result of me punching you in the face. 
Carol Danvers: I was already slipping when you happened to punch me in the face. The two of those are not related.
Talos: No one's going to hurt the girl. Just, don't kill me. We got a really complicated situation. 
Nick Fury: I'm about five seconds from complicating that wall with some ugly-ass Skrull brains.
Nick Fury: Congrats to you, Starforce lady. You're under arrest.
Nick Fury: Excuse me, miss. You know anything about a lady blowing a hole through the roof of that Blockbuster over there? Witness says she was dressed for laser tag. 
Carol Danvers: Oh. Yeah, I think she went that way. 
Nick Fury: Uh, I'd like to ask you some questions. Maybe give you the 411 on the late-night drop box. Could I see some identification, please? 
Carol Danvers: Vers. Kree Starforce. We don't carry our identification on little cards. 
Nick Fury: Vers? Starforce? How long you plan to be in town? 
Carol Danvers: Oh, I'll be out of your hair as soon as I track down the Skrulls that are infiltrating your planet. 
Nick Fury: Skrulls? 
Carol Danvers: Shapeshifters? They can transform into any life-form down to the DNA. 
Carol Danvers: Oh, boy. You guys don't have any clue, do you? 
Nick Fury: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. How do we know you're not one of those shapeshifters? 
Carol Danvers: Congratulations, Agent Fury. You have finally asked a relevant question. 
Nick Fury: No! Congratulations to you, Starforce lady. You're under arrest. 
Nick Fury: Rook! Rook, let's roll!
Supreme Intelligence: You did good, Ace. 
Supreme Intelligence: Thanks to you, those insidious shapeshifters will threaten our borders no more. 
Carol Danvers: I used to believe your lies, but the Skrulls are just fighting for a home. You're talking about destroying them because they won't submit to your rule. And neither will I. 
Supreme Intelligence: We found you. We embraced you as our own. 
Carol Danvers: You stole me. From my home, my family, my friends. 
Supreme Intelligence: It's cute how hard you try. But remember, without us... 
Supreme Intelligence: ...You're weak. 
Supreme Intelligence: You're flawed. Helpless. We saved you. 
Supreme Intelligence: Without us, you're only human. 
Carol Danvers: You're right. I'm only human. 
Supreme Intelligence: On Hala, you were reborn. Vers. 
Carol Danvers: My name is Carol.
Nick Fury: Who's a good kitty huh? Huh Goose? Yes, that's right. Who's a good kitty Goose? You're a good kitty.
Supreme Intelligence: You are just one victim of the Skrull invasion that has threatened our civilization for centuries. Impostors who silently infiltrate, then take over on planets.
Carol Danvers: I'm not what you think I am.
Carol Danvers: Has a Skrull ever simmed you? 
Korath: Once... it was deeply disturbing. 
Carol Danvers: Why? 
Korath: Because I stared into the face of my mortal enemy and the face staring back was my own.
Maria Rambeau: You don't remember anything? 
Carol Danvers: I see... flashes. Little moments. But I can't tell what's real. If I could just piece together what happened that morning... maybe it'll all make sense. 
Maria Rambeau: You woke me up banging on my door at dawn. Your usual move. Back then, we had to get up so early. The Air Force still wasn't letting women fly combat, so testing Lawson's planes was our only shot at doing something that mattered. You wanted to race to base in your old Mustang, and I wasn't about to argue 'cause I knew my Camaro would dominate. But you cheated, took a shortcut. 
Carol Danvers: Since when is a shortcut cheating? 
Maria Rambeau: Since it violates the predetermined rules of engagement. 
Carol Danvers: I definitely don't remember those. 
Maria Rambeau: Hmm. Of course you don't. 
Maria Rambeau: When I got to the hangar, Lawson was agitated. She said she had lives to save. She was trying to take the Asis up herself, but you said that... 
Carol Danvers: If there were lives at stake, I would fly the plane. 
Maria Rambeau: Yeah. Yep. Big hero moment. The kind of moment we'd both been waiting for. The Doc was always unique. That's why we liked her. But now you're saying she's from another planet. 
Carol Danvers: I know this must be hard for you. 
Maria Rambeau: Oh, what? This part right here? No. No. Mmm-mmm. Oh, what's hard is losing my best friend in a mission so secret they act like it never even happened. Hard is knowing you were out there somewhere too damn stubborn to die. And now you come up in here after six years, with your supercharged fire hands and you expect me to call you... I don't even know what. Vers? Is that really who you are now? 
Carol Danvers: I don't know.
Carol Danvers: You knew all along. Is that why we never hung out? 
Minn-Erva: No, I just never liked you.
Tom the Neighbor: Hi there. 
Carol Danvers: What do you want? 
Tom the Neighbor: Ummm... 
Maria Rambeau: Hey Tom. This is my friend, Carol. 
Tom the Neighbor: Pleased to meet you. Yow! Static electricity out here's no joke. I noted that peculiar bird you got parked by the road, and I was just wondering if you'd mind if I bring the boys over to get a closer looksie? 
Carol Danvers: A closer looksie? 
Tom the Neighbor: Yeah. 
Carol Danvers: To see the bird parked out by the road. You're really working overtime to sell this one, aren't you Talos? 
Maria Rambeau: I'm sorry. Tom, this isn't really a good time. I'll come by tomorrow? Okay? 
Tom the Neighbor: Uhh... 
Maria Rambeau: Okay. 
Talos: You know, you really should be kinder to your neighbors. You never know when you're gonna need to borrow some sugar. 
Talos: Hang on a second, before you go swinging those jazz hands around, making a mess in your friend's house - and... it's a lovely home. 
Maria Rambeau: Oh my God. What the hell?
Supreme Intelligence: Vers. 
Carol Danvers: Intelligence. 
Supreme Intelligence: Your commander insists that you're fit to serve. 
Carol Danvers: I am. 
Supreme Intelligence: You struggle with your emotions, with your past, which fuels them. 
Supreme Intelligence: You are just one victim of the Skrull expansion that has threatened our civilization for centuries. Imposters who silently infiltrate, then take over our planets. 
Supreme Intelligence: Horrors that you remember and so much that you do not. 
Carol Danvers: It's all blank. My life. You're supposed to take the form of who I most admire, but I don't even remember who this person was to me. 
Supreme Intelligence: Perhaps this is a mercy, sparing you from a deeper pain. Freeing you to do what all Kree must:  put your people's needs before your own. We've given you a great gift. The chance to fight for the good of all Kree. 
Carol Danvers: I want to serve. 
Supreme Intelligence: Then master yourself. What was given can be taken away. 
Carol Danvers: I won't let you down. 
Supreme Intelligence: We'll know soon enough. You have a mission. Serve well, and with honor.
Carol Danvers: Doc? Your blood... it's blue. 
Dr. Wendy Lawson: Yeah, but uh, how's my hair?
Talos: You know, you really shouldn't have that thing on your lap. 
Nick Fury: Our little alliance with you is tenuous at best. And as long as he continues to freak you out... 
Nick Fury: ...like that, yeah, I'm gonna keep giving him all the love and hugs that he needs, right?
Carol Danvers: I'm fine, thanks for asking.
Biker (The Don): Nice scuba suit. 
Biker (The Don): You need a ride, darlin'? 
Biker (The Don): How about a smile for me, huh? 
Carol Danvers: A smile? 
Biker (The Don): Yeah. I'm offerin' to help you. The least you can do is give me a smile. 
Carol Danvers: How about a handshake? 
Carol Danvers: I'm Vers. 
Biker (The Don): People call me "The Don". 
Carol Danvers: Wow. 
Carol Danvers: Here's a proposition for you:  You're gonna give me your jacket, your helmet, and your motorcycle, and in return, I'm gonna let you... keep your hand. 
Biker (The Don): Take it! 
Carol Danvers: What, no smile?
Yon-Rogg: For the good of all Kree!
Supreme Intelligence: There she is. Seems like your time on C-53 jogged the old memory. This jacket... it's killer, by the way. 
Supreme Intelligence: Oh. This music, it's a nice touch. 
Carol Danvers: Let me out. 
Supreme Intelligence: No can do. 
Carol Danvers: If you hurt them, I will burn you to the ground. 
Supreme Intelligence: With what, exactly? Your power comes from us. 
Carol Danvers: You didn't give me these powers. The blast did. 
Supreme Intelligence: And yet, you've never had the strength to control them on your own.
Nick Fury: You look like somebody's disaffected niece.
Yon-Rogg: I'm so proud of you. You've come a long way since I found you that day by the lake. But can you keep your emotions in check long enough to take me on? Or will they get the better of you, as always? I always told you... you'll be ready the day you can knock me down as yourself. This is that moment. This is that moment, Vers! Turn off the light show and prove... prove to me you can beat me without...
Nick Fury: Do you know how to fly this thing? 
Carol Danvers: Uh, we'll see. 
Nick Fury: That's a yes or no question. 
Carol Danvers: Yes.
Carol Danvers: Keep the Tesseract on Earth. Hidden. 
Nick Fury: You sure that's what Marvel would want? 
Carol Danvers: Mar-Vell. 
Nick Fury: That's what I said. 
Carol Danvers: It's two words. Mar. Vell. 
Nick Fury: Mar-Vell. "Marvel" sounds a lot better. You know, like the Marvelettes? 
Nick Fury: Not ringing any bells? 
Carol Danvers: Keep singing. Maybe it'll come back to me.
Nick Fury: You're good to go here until you recover, but you and your family are gonna need a new look. 
Talos: I could go back to being your boss. 
Nick Fury: Uh, please don't. 
Talos: Come on. I loved sporting his beautiful blue eyes.
Dr. Wendy Lawson: Goose likes you. She doesn't typically take to people. 
Carol Danvers: Early start to your morning. 
Dr. Wendy Lawson: Oh, late night, actually. I can't sleep when there's work to do. Sound familiar? 
Carol Danvers: Flying your planes never feels like work. 
Dr. Wendy Lawson: Wonderful view, isn't it? 
Carol Danvers: I prefer the view from up there. 
Dr. Wendy Lawson: You'll get there soon enough, Ace.
Yon-Rogg: Do you know what time it is? 
Carol Danvers: Can't sleep. 
Yon-Rogg: There are tabs for that. 
Carol Danvers: Yeah, but then I'd be sleeping. 
Yon-Rogg: Dreams again? 
Carol Danvers: Wanna fight?
Carol Danvers: Where's Pegasus? 
Nick Fury: That's classified. Not unlike the file I started on you. But I see you've changed it up a bit since then. Grunge is a good look for you. 
Carol Danvers: Did you have a rough day, Agent Fury? 
Nick Fury: It was cool, you know? Had a space invasion, big car chase. Got to watch an alien autopsy. Typical 9-to-5. 
Carol Danvers: So you saw one? 
Nick Fury: I was never one to believe in aliens, but I can't unsee that.
Nick Fury: What? 
Carol Danvers: Your communicator. You obviously can't be trusted with it.
Keller: She still here? 
Nick Fury: She's cooperating with the investigation, sir. 
Keller: You men stay here. I want to question her alone. Excellent work, Nicholas.
Soren: We didn't know what to do. Mar-Vell warned us not to send a signal for any reason, or the Kree would find us. 
Talos: You did the right thing.
Keller: Now, you know, I don't really need these to see... but they do kinda complete the look. Don't you think?
Carol Danvers: Just so I'm clear... you were Soh-Larr and the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent? 
Nick Fury: Keller. Tied my boss up, stole his identity. 
Talos: I borrowed his likeness. I'm no thief. 
Soren: It's a little like stealing. 
Talos: Who... whose side are you on here?
Keller: Was it something I said?
Talos: I saw you crush twenty of my best men with your hands bound. I just wanna talk. 
Carol Danvers: Last time we talked, I ended up hanging from my ankles. 
Talos: That was before I knew who you were. Before I knew what made you different from the others. I have an audio recording from Pegasus of your voice from a plane crash six years ago on a device I believe you call a black box. 
Maria Rambeau: They told me it was destroyed in the crash. How'd you get it? 
Talos: She don't understand. Young lady, I have a special skill that kind of allows me to get into places I'm not supposed to be.
Carol Danvers: Lawson's plan for the light-speed engine. I wonder why they terminated the project. 
Nick Fury: Um, maybe because she's cuckoo. 
Carol Danvers: Kree glyphs? 
Nick Fury: Hmm? 
Carol Danvers: Lawson is not cuckoo. She's Kree. 
Nick Fury: Well, she's dead. 
Carol Danvers: What? 
Nick Fury: Crashed the Asis aircraft doing an unauthorized test flight. Took a pilot down with her. That's why security here is so unfriendly. They're covering up a billion-dollar mistake.
Carol Danvers: I'll help you find a home. Finish what Mar-Vell started. 
Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old): They can stay here with us. Can't they, mom? 
Maria Rambeau: They won't be safe here, baby. Auntie Carol's right. They need their own home. 
Carol Danvers: I'll be back before you know it. 
Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old): Maybe I could fly up and meet you halfway? 
Nick Fury: Ah, only if you learn to glow like your Auntie Carol. 
Monica Rambeau (11 Years Old): Or maybe I'll build a spaceship. You don't know. 
Carol Danvers: He doesn't.
Carol Danvers: This is gonna get a little awkward, but I gotta ask. 
Nick Fury: You think I'm one of those green things. 
Carol Danvers: Can't be too careful. 
Nick Fury: You are looking at 100% red-blooded Earth man. 
Carol Danvers: I'm afraid I'm gonna need proof. 
Nick Fury: We talking cheek swab or urine sample? 
Carol Danvers: No. The DNA would match. 
Nick Fury: Want my AOL password? 
Carol Danvers: Skrulls can only sim recent memories of their host bodies. 
Nick Fury: Oh, ho. You wanna get personal.
Carol Danvers: Where were you born? 
Nick Fury: Huntsville, Alabama. But technically, I don't remember that part. 
Carol Danvers: Name of your first pet? 
Nick Fury: Mr. Snoofers. 
Carol Danvers: Mr. Snoofers? 
Nick Fury: That's what I said. Do I pass? 
Carol Danvers: Not yet. First job? 
Nick Fury: Solider. Straight out of high school. Left the ranks of a full bird colonel. 
Carol Danvers: Then? 
Nick Fury: Spy. 
Carol Danvers: Where? 
Nick Fury: It was the Cold War. We were everywhere. Uh, Belfast. Bucharest. Belgrade. Budapest. I like the Bs. I can make 'em rhyme. 
Carol Danvers: Now? 
Nick Fury: Been riding a desk for the past six years trying to figure out where our future enemies are coming from.
Nick Fury: Your turn. Prove you're not a Skrull. 
Nick Fury: And how is that supposed to prove to me you're not a Skrull? 
Carol Danvers: That's a photon blast. 
Nick Fury: And? 
Carol Danvers: A Skrull can't do that.
Nick Fury: The Skrulls sim alien races to infiltrate and take over planets. And you're a Kree? A race of noble warriors? 
Carol Danvers: Heroes. Noble warrior heroes. 
Nick Fury: So, um, what do Skrulls want with Dr. Lawson? 
Carol Danvers: They believe that she developed a light-speed engine at Pegasus. 
Nick Fury: Light-speed engine? Gotta admit, that's not the craziest thing I've heard today. 
Carol Danvers: Well, it's still early. 
Nick Fury: And you, what do you want? 
Carol Danvers: To stop the Skrulls before they become unstoppable.
Medical Examiner: All life on Earth is carbon-based. Not this guy. Whatever he runs on, it's not on the periodic table. 
Nick Fury: You're saying he's not from around here? 
Medical Examiner: How's your eye? 
Nick Fury: Well, I'd say fine, but it can't believe what it's seeing.
Keller: You say this thing looked like Coulson? 
Nick Fury: Mm. Talked like him, too. 
Keller: And the woman said that there were more? 
Nick Fury: The word she used was "infiltration." 
Keller: You believe her? 
Nick Fury: Not 'til I saw this. 
Keller: What's your plan? 
Nick Fury: I'll find Blockbuster girl. I got word on a motorcycle thief that fits her description. If she can tell us why these lizards are here... maybe she can tell us how to kick 'em to the curb. 
Keller: Good. Do it alone, though. We can't trust anyone. Not even our own men.
Talos: I know I don't deserve your trust, but you were our only lead. We discovered that your energy signature matched Mar-Vell's core. Now we know why. If only you knew the importance of it to me. I just need your help decoding the coordinates to Mar-Vell's lab. 
Carol Danvers: Those weren't coordinates. They're state vectors. 
Nick Fury: For orbital positioning and velocity. 
Maria Rambeau: You didn't find her lab on Earth 'cause it's not on Earth. 
Carol Danvers: That was the location on the date of the crash six years ago. If we track its course, we'll find it in orbit right now. 
Maria Rambeau: It's just basic physics. 
Talos: In orbit? 
Talos: Was that so difficult to figure out? I mean, you're my science guy, right?
Carol Danvers: Yon-Rogg will catch up to me soon. We've got to get to the core before he does. 
Nick Fury: Mm. We going to space? 
Carol Danvers: In what? 
Norex: A few tweaks to your vessel should do it. I can handle the modifications. 
Nick Fury: Mmm. Your science guy.
Carol Danvers: What is the point of giving me these... 
Carol Danvers: ...if you don't want me to use them? 
Yon-Rogg: I want you to use them. The Supreme Intelligence gave me responsibility of showing you how to using them. 
Carol Danvers: I know how. 
Yon-Rogg: Yeah, if that were true, you'd be able to knock me down without them. 
Yon-Rogg: Control your impulses. Stop using this. 
Yon-Rogg: Start using this. 
Yon-Rogg: I want you to be the best version of yourself.
Yon-Rogg: Control it. Lose control again, you'll have to commune with the Supreme Intelligence. There's nothing more dangerous to a warrior than emotion. Humor is a distraction. And anger, anger represents the enemy.
Yon-Rogg: Ronan, Skrulls have infiltrated C-53. Come at once. 
Ronan: For the good of all Kree, Commander, the infestation will be eradicated.
Carol Danvers: You lied to me. 
Yon-Rogg: I made you the best version of yourself. 
Yon-Rogg: What's given can be taken away.
Yon-Rogg: Nice diversion. 
Carol Danvers: I could have sworn I put it in there.
Carol Danvers: I know Lawson was Kree. She was here on C-53 and died in a plane crash. Do you know anything about this? 
Yon-Rogg: I just discovered a mission report sent from C-53. There's only so much I'm cleared to tell you, Vers, but... Lawson was an undercover Kree operative named Mar-Vell. She was working on a unique energy core. Experimenting with tech that apparently could help us win the war. 
Carol Danvers: Does it say anything about me? 
Yon-Rogg: Anything about you? No, of course not. Why would it? 
Carol Danvers: I found evidence that I had a life here. 
Yon-Rogg: On C-53? 
Carol Danvers: Mar-Vell is who I see when I visit the Supreme Intelligence. I knew her. And I knew her as Lawson. 
Yon-Rogg: This sounds like Skrull simulation, Vers. 
Carol Danvers: No, it's not. Because I remember. I was here. 
Yon-Rogg: Stop. Remember your training. Know your enemy. It could be you. Do not let your emotions override your judgment.
Maria Rambeau: Is that it? The core? 
Carol Danvers: In her notes, she called it the Tesseract.
Yon-Rogg: Prepare for... a search and rescue of our spy, Soh-Larr. The Skrulls have invaded yet another border planet. This time, Torfa. Soh-Larr sent us a warning. The signal was intercepted, and his cover's blown. The Skrull general, Talos, has sent kill units to find him. Should they reach him before we do, the intelligence he's acquired over three years is as good as theirs. The Accusers will bomb a Skrull stronghold here in the south. We slip in, we locate Soh-Larr, and we get out, leaving them none the wiser. The Torfan populace, we are not to interfere with them, nor them with us. Nothing compromises the security of our mission. Proceed with caution. Follow protocol before extracting him. This is a dangerous mission. We must all be ready to join the Collective if that is our fate today. For the good of all Kree.
Carol Danvers: Has anyone ever seen what the Supreme Intelligence really looks like? 
Yon-Rogg: No one can look upon the Supreme Intelligence in its true form. You know that. Our subconscious chooses the way they appear to us. So it's sacred. It's personal. No Kree divulges it, ever. 
Carol Danvers: Who do you see? Your brother? 
Yon-Rogg: No. 
Carol Danvers: Father? 
Yon-Rogg: No. 
Carol Danvers: Your old commander? 
Yon-Rogg: Vers. 
Carol Danvers: It's me you see, isn't it? 
Yon-Rogg: I see what you're trying to do. 
Carol Danvers: Is it working? 
Yon-Rogg: Yes. But you won't succeed in changing the subject.
Carol Danvers: Is that a communicator? 
Nick Fury: Yeah. State-of-the-art two-way pager. 
Carol Danvers: Who are you paging? 
Nick Fury: My mom. Don't worry, I didn't mention you.
Biker/The Don: Nice scuba suit. Got a smile for me? 
Biker/The Don: Come on. 
Biker/The Don: Well, apart from me helping you, at least you can give me a smile. 
Carol Danvers: A smile? 
Biker/The Don: Carol Danvers: How 'bout a handshake? 
Biker/The Don: Carol Danvers: I'm Vers. 
Biker/The Don: People call me... The Don. 
Carol Danvers: Wow. 
Biker/The Don: Arrgh! 
Carol Danvers: I've got a proposition for you. You're gonna give me the keys to your motorbike and your jacket, and I'm gonna let you keep your hand. 
Biker/The Don: Take it! 
Carol Danvers: What, no smile?
Agent Coulson: So is it true? That the Kree burned your eye out because you refused to give them the Tesseract? 
Nick Fury: I will neither confirm nor deny the facts of that story.
Natasha Romanoff: Tell me the second you get a signal. I wanna know who's on the other end of that thing. 
Carol Danvers: Where's Fury?
Carol Danvers: I've been fighting with one hand tied behind my back. What happens when I'm finally set free?
Yon-Rogg: I can't go back empty handed. 
Carol Danvers: You won't be empty-handed. I'm sending you with a message. Tell the Supreme Intelligence that I'm coming to end it. The war, the lies, all of it.
Carol Danvers: Where's Fury?
Natasha Romanoff: If we don't get that stone, billions of people stay dead. 
Clint Barton: Then I guess we both know who it's got to be. 
Natasha Romanoff: I guess we do. 
Clint Barton: I'm starting to think we mean different people here, Natasha. 
Natasha Romanoff: For the last five years I've been trying to do one thing, get to right here. That's all it's been about. Bringing everybody back. 
Clint Barton: Oh, don't you get all decent on me now. 
Natasha Romanoff: What, you think I want to do it? I'm trying to save *your* life, you idiot. 
Clint Barton: Yeah, well, I don't want you to, how's that? Natasha, you know what I've done. You know what I've become. 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, I don't judge people on their worst mistakes. 
Clint Barton: Maybe you should. 
Natasha Romanoff: You didn't. 
Clint Barton: You're a pain in my ass, you know that? 
Clint Barton: Okay. You win. 
Clint Barton: Tell my family I love them. 
Natasha Romanoff: Tell them yourself.
Steve Rogers: Avengers! Assemble.
Tony Stark: Did she have any family? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah. Us.
Tony Stark: Mr. Rogers, I almost forgot, that suit did nothing for your ass. 
Steve Rogers: No one asked you to look, Tony. 
Tony Stark: It's ridiculous. 
Scott Lang: I think you look great, Cap. As far as I'm concerned, that's America's ass.
Tony Stark: Everybody wants a happy ending. Right? But it doesn't always roll that way. Maybe this time. I'm hoping if you play this back, it's in celebration. I hope families are reunited, I hope we get it back and something like a normal version of the planet has been restored, if there ever was such a thing. God, what a world. Universe, now. If you told me ten years ago that we weren't alone, let alone, you know, to this extent, I mean, I wouldn't have been surprised, but come on. The epic forces of dark and light that have come in to play. And for better or worse, that's the reality Morgan's gonna have to find a way to grow up in. So I thought I better record a little greeting, in the case of an untimely death, on my part. I mean, not that death at any time isn't untimely. This time travel thing we're gonna try and pull off tomorrow, it's got me scratching my head about the survivability of it all. Then again that's the hero gig. Part of the journey is the end. What am I even tripping for? Everything's gonna workout exactly the way it's supposed to. 
Tony Stark: I love you 3000.
70's Car Man: Hey, man! Make love, not war!
Steve Rogers: Hail Hydra.
Pepper Potts: We got really lucky. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, I know. 
Pepper Potts: A lot of people didn't. 
Tony Stark: I can't help everybody. 
Pepper Potts: It sort of seems like you can. 
Tony Stark: Not if I stop. I can put a pin in it right now... and stop. 
Pepper Potts: Tony, trying to get you to stop has been one of the few failures of my entire life.
Steve Rogers: Don't do anything stupid until I come back. 
Bucky Barnes: How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you.
Tony Stark: Honestly, at this exact second, I thought you were a Build-a-Bear. 
Rocket: Maybe I am.
Steve Rogers: You know, I saw a pod of whales when I was coming in, over the bridge. 
Natasha Romanoff: In the Hudson? 
Steve Rogers: Fewer ships, cleaner water... 
Natasha Romanoff: You know, if you're about to tell me to look on the bright side - I'm about to hit you in the head with a peanut butter sandwich. 
Steve Rogers: Sorry, force of habit.
Clint Barton: You shouldn't be here. 
Natasha Romanoff: Neither should you. 
Clint Barton: I've got a job to do. 
Natasha Romanoff: Is that what you're calling this? Killing all these people isn't going to bring your family back. 
Natasha Romanoff: We found something. A chance - maybe... 
Clint Barton: Don't. 
Natasha Romanoff: Don't what? 
Clint Barton: Don't give me hope. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm sorry I couldn't give it to you sooner.
Rocket: Quill said he stole the Power Stone from Morag. 
Bruce Banner: Is that a person? 
Rocket: Morag's a planet, Quill was a person. 
Scott Lang: A planet? Like in outer space? 
Rocket: Oh, look, it's like a little puppy, all happy and everything. Do you want to go to space, puppy? I'll take you to outer space!
Hulk: So many stairs!
Rocket: Who hasn't been to space? 
James Rhodes: Why? 
Rocket: You better not throw up on my ship!
Scott Lang: Someone peed my pants! Not sure if it was the baby-me or the old me. 
Scott Lang: Or was it just me-me?
Thor: I can't do this. I shouldn't be here, I shouldn't have come. This is a bad idea. 
Rocket: Come here. 
Thor: No, no, I think I'm having... I'm having a panic attack. 
Rocket: Come here. 
Thor: I shouldn't be here. This is... this is ba... 
Rocket: You think you're the only one that lost people? What do you think we're doin' here? I lost the only family I ever had. Quill, Groot, Drax, the chick with the antenna - all gone! Now, I get that you miss your mom, but she's gone. *Really* gone. And there are plenty of people who are only *kinda* gone. And you can help them. So is it too much to ask that you brush the crumbs out of your beard, make schmoopy talk to pretty pants and when she's not lookin', suck out the Infinity Stone and help me get my family back? 
Thor: Okay. 
Rocket: Are you crying? 
Thor: No... yes.
Tony Stark: He did drop the occasional pearl. 
Howard Stark: Such as? 
Tony Stark: No amount of money ever bought a second of time.
Frigga: You're not the Thor I know at all, are you? 
Thor: Yes, I am. 
Frigga: The future hasn't been kind to you, has it? 
Thor: I didn't say I was from the future. 
Frigga: I was raised by witches, boy. I see with more than eyes and you know that. 
Thor: I'm totally from the future.
Tony Stark: Is this thing on? Hey, Ms. Potts. If you find this recording, don't post it on social media. It's gonna be a real tearjerker. I don't know if you're ever gonna see these. I don't even know if you're still... Oh, God, I hope so. Today's day 21? No, uh, 22. You know, if it wasn't for the existential terror of steering into the literal void of space, I'd say I'm feeling a little better today. The infection's run its course thanks to the blue meanie back there. Oh, you would love her. Very practical. Only a tiny bit sadistic. So, the fuel cells were cracked during battle and we figured out a way to reverse the iron charge, bought ourselves about 48 hours of flight time. Uh, but it's now dead in the water. 1,000 light years from the nearest 7-11. Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning... and that will be it. I know I said no more surprises, but I gotta say, I was really hoping to pull off one last one. But it looks like... well, you know what it looks like. Don't feel bad about this. I'm mean, actually, if you grieve for a couple weeks... and then move on with enormous guilt. 
Tony Stark: I should probably lie down for a minute, rest my eyes. Please know, when I drift off and be like everything lately, I'm fine. I'm totally fine. I dream about you. Because it's always you.
Tony Stark: What's wrong with him? 
Rocket: He's pissed. He thinks he failed. Which, of course he did, but you know, there's a lot of that going around, ain't there?
Bruce Banner: We'd be going in shorthanded, you know? 
James Rhodes: Look, he's still got the Stones, so... 
Carol Danvers: So, let's get them. Use them to bring everyone back. 
Bruce Banner: Just like that? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, just like that. 
Natasha Romanoff: Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who is not in this room, to try. 
Bruce Banner: If we do this, how do we know it's going to end any differently than it did before? 
Carol Danvers: Because before, you didn't have me. 
James Rhodes: Hey, new girl? Everybody in this room is about that superhero life. And, if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time? 
Carol Danvers: There are a lot of other planets in the universe, and, unfortunately, they didn't have you guys. 
Thor: I like this one. 
Steve Rogers: Let's go get this son of a bitch.
Tony Stark: It's not about how much we lost. It's about how much we have left. We're the Avengers. We gotta finish this. You trust me? 
Steve Rogers: I do.
James Rhodes: If we can do this, you know, go back in time... why don't we just find baby Thanos, you know, and... 
Hulk: Okay, first of all, that's horrible. 
James Rhodes: It's Thanos! 
Hulk: And secondly, time doesn't work that way. Changing the past doesn't change the future. 
Scott Lang: We go back, we get the stones before Thanos gets them, Thanos doesn't have the stones! Problem solved! 
Clint Barton: Bingo. 
Nebula: That's not how it works! 
Clint Barton: Well, that's what I heard. 
Hulk: Who told you that? 
James Rhodes: Star Trek, Terminator, Timecop, Time After Time... 
Scott Lang: Quantum Leap? 
James Rhodes: A Wrinkle in Time, Somewhere in Time... 
Scott Lang: Hot Tub Time Machine? 
James Rhodes: Hot Tub Time Machine, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, basically any movie that deals with time travel! 
Scott Lang: Die Hard? No, that's not one... 
James Rhodes: Look, this is known! 
Hulk: I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true. Think about it. If you go into the past, that past becomes your future, and your former present becomes the past, which can't now be changed by your new future! 
Nebula: Exactly! 
Scott Lang: So, "Back to the Future"'s a bunch of bullshit?
Steve Rogers: Five years ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends. We lost family. We lost a part of ourselves. Today, we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each. No mistakes. No do-overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know, that doesn't mean we should know what to expect. Be careful. Look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives. And we're going to win. Whatever it takes. Good luck. 
Rocket: He's pretty good at that. 
Scott Lang: Right?
Happy Hogan: I will buy all the cheeseburgers you want, just to keep that smile on your face.
Steve Rogers: Some people move on. But not us... Not us.
Clint Barton: Under different circumstances, this would be totally awesome.
Tony Stark: Go to bed, or I'll sell all your toys.
Thor: I love you mom. 
Frigga: I love you... 
Frigga: and eat a salad. 
Rocket: C'mon, we gotta go. 
Rocket: 3... 2... 
Thor: No, wait! 
Rocket: What-what am I looking at? 
Frigga: Oh, sometimes it takes a second. 
Thor: I'm still worthy!
James Rhodes: So he's an idiot? 
Nebula: Yeah.
Scott Lang: Hi! Uh, is anyone home? This is Scott Lang. We met a few years ago? At the airport? In Germany? I got really big. 
Steve Rogers: Is this an old message? 
Scott Lang: Ant-Man? Ant-Man... I know you know wh... I know you know that! 
Natasha Romanoff: That's the front gate. 
Scott Lang: That's me. Can you buzz me in?
Steve Rogers: On my way down to coordinate search-and-rescue. 
Loki: "On my way down to coordinate search-and-rescue!" 
Loki: I mean, honestly, how do you even... 
Thor: Shut. Up.
Peggy Carter: The world has changed. None of us can go back. All we can do is our best. And sometimes the best that we can do... is to start over.
Thanos: In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter, it was never personal. But I'll tell you now, what I'm about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet... I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.
Bruce Banner: Thanks, kids! Haha, dab!
Thor: Do you know what is coursing through my veins right now? 
James Rhodes: Cheez Whiz?
Sam Wilson: Cap? 
Old Steve Rogers: Hi, Sam. 
Sam Wilson: So did something go wrong, or did something go right? 
Old Steve Rogers: Well, after I put the Stones back, I thought... maybe I'll try some of that life that Tony was telling me to get. 
Sam Wilson: How'd that work out for you? 
Old Steve Rogers: It was beautiful. 
Sam Wilson: I'm happy for you. Truly. 
Old Steve Rogers: Thank you. 
Sam Wilson: Only thing bumming me out is the fact that I have to live in a world without Captain America. 
Old Steve Rogers: Oh, that reminds me... 
Old Steve Rogers: Try it on. 
Old Steve Rogers: How does it feel? 
Sam Wilson: Like it's someone else's. 
Old Steve Rogers: It isn't. 
Sam Wilson: Thank you. I'll do my best. 
Old Steve Rogers: That's why it's yours. 
Sam Wilson: You wanna tell me about her? 
Old Steve Rogers: No. No, I don't think I will.
Steve Rogers: Breakers are set. Emergency generators are on stand-by. 
Bruce Banner: Good, because if we blow the grid, I don't wanna lose... 
Bruce Banner: Tiny, here, in the 1950s. 
Scott Lang: Excuse me? 
Natasha Romanoff: He's kidding. You can't say things like that. 
Bruce Banner: It... it was just... a bad joke. 
Natasha Romanoff: You were kidding, right? 
Bruce Banner: I have no idea. We're talking about time travel here. Either, all of it is a joke or none of it is. 
Bruce Banner: We're good!
Peter Parker: Hey, I'm Peter Parker. 
Carol Danvers: Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me? 
Peter Parker: How are you going to get it through all that? 
Wanda Maximoff: Don't worry. 
Okoye: She's got help.
Korg: Thor, he's back. That kid on the TV just called me a dickhead again. 
Thor: Noobmaster. 
Korg: Yeah, Noobmaster69. 
Thor: Noobmaster, hey, it's Thor again. You know, the God of Thunder? Listen, buddy, if you don't log off this game immediately, I am gonna fly over to your house, come down to that basement you're hiding in, rip off your arms and shove them up your butt! Oh, that's right, yes, go cry to your father, you little weasel! 
Korg: Thank you, Thor. 
Thor: Let me know if he bothers you again, okay? 
Korg: Thank you very much, I will.
Steve Rogers: I'd offer to make you dinner, but you look miserable enough already.
Clint Barton: This is a long way from Budapest.
Scott Lang: We have enough Pym particles for one journey each, plus two test runs. 
Scott Lang: *One* test run.
Steve Rogers: Tony, I don't know... 
Tony Stark: Why? He made it for you. Plus, honestly I have to get it out the garage before Morgan takes it sledding. 
Steve Rogers: Thank you, Tony. 
Tony Stark: Will you keep that a little quiet? Didn't bring one for the whole team.
Okoye: It turned out to be a subduction under the Pacific plate. 
Natasha Romanoff: So how are we handling it? 
Okoye: An earthquake under the ocean, we handle it by not handling it.
Tony Stark: I believe the most likely outcome will be our collective demise. 
Scott Lang: Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel. That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sporting events... 
Tony Stark: I'm gonna stop you right there, Scott. Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on "Back to the Future?" 
Scott Lang: ... No.
Thor: Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa! 
Tony Stark: What are you thinking? Maximum occupancy has been reached. 
Thor: Take the stairs. 
Tony Stark: Yes. 
Tony Stark: Stop, stop! 
Hulk: Take the stairs. Hate the stairs!
Tony Stark: Why the long face? Let me guess:  he turned into a baby?
Nebula: Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me. When he worked he talked about his great plan. He even disassembled I wanted to please him. I'd ask "where would we go once this plan was complete?" His answer was always the same... "To the garden." 
James Rhodes: That's cute. Thanos has a retirement plan.
Steve Rogers: I keep telling everybody they should move on. Some do, but not us.
Natasha Romanoff: See you in a minute.
Rocket: Oh no... 
Steve Rogers: Where are they? 
Carol Danvers: Answer the question. 
Thanos: The universe required correction. After that, the stones served no purpose beyond temptation. 
Bruce Banner: YOU MURDERED TRILLIONS! 
Thanos: You should be grateful. 
Natasha Romanoff: Where are the Stones? 
Thanos: Gone. Reduced to atoms. 
Bruce Banner: You used them two days ago! 
Thanos: I used the Stones to destroy the Stones. It nearly killed me, but the work is done. It always will be. I am... inevitable. 
James Rhodes: We have to tear this place apart. He has to be lying. 
Nebula: My father is many things. A liar is not one of them. 
Thanos: Ah. Thank you, daughter. Perhaps I treated you too harshly... 
Rocket: What did you do? 
Thor: I went for the head.
Tony Stark: You're drifting left. One side, there, Lebowski.
Clint Barton: Maybe he's making this shit up. 
Natasha Romanoff: No, I don't think so. 
Clint Barton: Why, because he knows you daddy's name? 
Natasha Romanoff: I didn't. Thanos left here with the stone, and without his daughter. It's not a coincidence 
Natasha Romanoff: Whatever it takes. 
Clint Barton: Whatever it takes.
Steve Rogers: Almost everyone in this room has had an encounter with at least one of the six Infinity Stones. 
Tony Stark: Or, substitute the word encounter with 'damn near been killed by' one of the six Infinity Stones. 
Scott Lang: I haven't. I don't even know what the hell you're all taking about now. 
Bruce Banner: Regardless, we only have enough Pym Particles for one round trip each, and these stones have been in a lot of different places throughout history. 
Tony Stark: Our history. So, not a lot of convenient spots to drop in. 
Clint Barton: Which means we've got to pick our targets. 
Tony Stark: Correct.
Bruce Banner: Time travel! 
Bruce Banner: What? I see this as an absolute win.
Sam Wilson: Hey, Cap, do you read me? Cap, it's Sam. Can you hear me? 
Sam Wilson: On your left.
Thanos: You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me. I thought by eliminating half of life the other half would thrive. But you have shown me that's impossible. And as long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist. 
Tony Stark: Yep, we're all kinds of stubborn. 
Thanos: I'm thankful. Because now I know what I must do. I will shred this universe down to its last atom. And then with the stones you've collected for me create a new one teeming with life that knows not what it has lost but only what it has been given. A grateful universe. 
Steve Rogers: Born out of blood. 
Thanos: They'll never know it. Because you won't be alive to tell them.
Steve Rogers: Well, what are we gonna do now? 
Tony Stark: You know what, give me a break, Steve. I just got hit in the head with a Hulk. 
Scott Lang: You said that we had one shot. This! This was our shot. We shot it, it's shot! Six stones or nothing! Six stones or nothing. 
Tony Stark: You're repeating yourself, you know that? You're repeating yourself. 
Scott Lang: You're repeating yourself! You're repeating yourself!
James Rhodes: Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is the part where all the spikes come out with skeletons on the end of them and everything. 
Nebula: What are you talking about? 
James Rhodes: When you break into a place called "the temple of the Power Stone" there's gonna be a bunch of booby traps 
James Rhodes: Okay, alright, go ahead.
Gamora: Tell me something. In the future, what happens to you and me? 
Nebula: I tried to kill you... several times... but eventually, we become friends. We become sisters.
Tony Stark: I couldn't stop him. 
Steve Rogers: Neither could I. 
Tony Stark: I-I lost the kid. 
Steve Rogers: Tony, WE lost.
Tony Stark: What's he been doing? 
Thor: Absolutely nothing. 
Steve Rogers: Where are the stones? 
Tony Stark: Somewhere under all this. All I know is he doesn't have them. 
Steve Rogers: So we keep it that way. 
Thor: You know it's a trap, right? 
Tony Stark: Yeah, I don't much care. 
Thor: Good. Just as long as we're all in agreement 
Thor: Let's kill him properly this time.
Drax: You should fight one another for the honor of leadership. 
Nebula: Sounds fair. 
Peter Quill: It's not necessary. Okay? 
Thor: It's not. 
Rocket: I got some blasters unless you guys wanna use knives. 
Mantis: Oh, yes. Please use knives. 
Drax: Yeah, knives. 
Groot: I am Groot. 
Thor: Not necessary. There should be no knifing one another. Everybody knows who's in charge. 
Peter Quill: Me, right? 
Thor: Yes, you. Of course! Of course. 
Thor: Of course.
Tony Stark: Shit! 
Morgan Stark: Shit. 
Tony Stark: What are you doing up, little miss? 
Morgan Stark: Shit. 
Tony Stark: No, we don't say that. Only mommy says that. She coined it, it belongs to her. 
Morgan Stark: Why are you up? 
Tony Stark: Cause I got very important sh*t going on here, what do you think? No. I got, I got something on my mind. 
Tony Stark: I got, I got something on my mind. 
Morgan Stark: Was it juice pops? 
Tony Stark: Sure it was. That's extortion, that's the word. What kind do you want? Great minds think alike. Juice pops, exactly was on my mind.
Clint Barton: You see where you're going. Now let's worry about how you get there.
Thanos: The work is done. I won. What I'm about to do, I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much!
Natasha Romanoff: Thanos did what exactly he said he was gonna do. He wiped out 50% of all living creatures.
Scott Lang: It's awesome. 
Nebula: Rhodey, careful on re-entry. There's an idiot on the landing zone. 
Scott Lang: Oh, God! 
James Rhodes: What's up, regular-sized man?
Steve Rogers: So, let's start with the Aether. Thor, what do you know? 
Natasha Romanoff: Is he asleep? 
James Rhodes: No. I'm pretty sure he's dead. 
Thor: Ah, where to start? Um, the Aether. Firstly, not a stone. Someone called it a stone before... it's more of an angry sludge sort of thing so, someone's gonna need to amend that and stop saying that. Here's an interesting story though about the Aether:  my grandfather, many years ago, had to hide the stone from the Dark Elves. Scary beings. So Jane, actually, actually, actually Jane is a, is a old flame of mine. Uh, you know she, she stuck her hand inside a rock this one time and, and then the Aether stuck itself inside her, and she became very, very sick and so I had to take her to Asgard which is where I'm from, and we had to try and fix her. We were dating at the time. See I got to, I got to introduce her to my mother who's dead. And um, oh you know and Jane and I aren't even dating anymore so... 
Thor: these things happen though you know. Nothing lasts forever. The only thing that... 
Tony Stark: Why don't you come and sit down? 
Thor: I'm not done. The only thing that is permanent in life is impermanence. 
Tony Stark: Eggs? Breakfast? 
Thor: No. I'd like a Bloody Mary.
Peter Parker: Hi, nice to meet you. I'm - Oh, my god!
Tony Stark: You lose this again, I'm keeping it.
Spider-Man: I got this. I got this. Okay, I don't got this. Help, somebody help! 
Captain America: Hey, Queens. Heads up. 
Pepper Potts: Hang on. I got you, kid. 
Spider-Man: Hey, nice to meet yo- OH, MY GOD!
Steve Rogers: He's right. That IS America's ass.
Steve Rogers: Alright. We have a plan. Six stones, three teams, one shot. Five years ago we lost. All of us. We lost friends. We lost family. We a part of ourselves. Today we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each, no mistakes, no do overs. Most of us going somewhere we know, that doesn't mean we should know what to expect. Be careful. Lookout for each other. This is the fight of our lives and we're gonna win. Whatever it takes. Good luck. 
Rocket: He's pretty good at that. 
Scott Lang: Right. 
Tony Stark: Ok, you heard the man. Stroke those keys, jolly green. 
Bruce Banner: Tractors engaged.
Scott Lang: If you do this and it doesn't work, you're not coming back. 
Tony Stark: Thanks for the pep talk, piss-ant.
Natasha Romanoff: I used to have nothing. Then I got this. This job... this family. And I was... I was better because of it. And even though... they're gone... I'm still trying to be better. 
Steve Rogers: We both need to get a life. 
Natasha Romanoff: You first.
Falcon: What the hell is this? 
Iron Man: Friday, what are they firing at? 
Friday: Something just entered the upper atmosphere. 
Rocket: Oh, yeah!
Tony Stark: Thank you, for everything... you've done for this country.
Carol Danvers: I'll head down for recon. 
Natasha Romanoff: This is gonna work Steve. 
Steve Rogers: I know it will, cause I don't know what I'm gonna do if it doesn't. 
Carol Danvers: No satellites, no ships, no armies, no ground defenses of any kind. It's just him. 
Nebula: And that's enough.
Doctor Strange: Is this everyone? 
Wong: What, you wanted MORE?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): What you seek lies in front of you. As does what you fear.
Steve Rogers: Okay, we all know our missions. Stay low, keep your eye on the ball. 
Steve Rogers: Might want to smash a few things along the way. 
Bruce Banner: I think it's gratuitous, but, whatever.
Cassie Lang: Dad? 
Scott Lang: You're so big!
Tony Stark: Turns out resentment is corrosive, and I hate it.
Steve Rogers: Hi, Sam. 
Sam Wilson: So did something go wrong or did something go right? 
Steve Rogers: Well, after I put the stones back, I thought... maybe I'll... try some of that life Tony was telling me to get. 
Sam Wilson: How'd that work out for you? 
Steve Rogers: It was beautiful. 
Sam Wilson: I'm happy for you. Truly. 
Steve Rogers: Thank you. 
Sam Wilson: Only thing bumming me out is the fact that I have to live in a world without Captain America. 
Steve Rogers: Oh. That reminds me... 
Steve Rogers: Try it on. 
Steve Rogers: How's it feel? 
Sam Wilson: Like it's someone else's. 
Steve Rogers: It isn't. 
Sam Wilson: Thank you. I'll do my best. 
Steve Rogers: That's why it's yours.
Wanda Maximoff: You took everything from me! 
Thanos: I don't even know who you are 
Wanda Maximoff: You will.
Akihiko: Why are you doing this? We never did anything to you. 
Clint Barton: You survived. Half the planet didn't. They got Thanos. You get me. 
Clint Barton: You're done hurting people. 
Akihiko: *We* hurt people? 
Akihiko: You're crazy! 
Akihiko: Wait! Help me. I'll give you anything. What do you want? 
Clint Barton: What I want, you can't give me.
Thor: Just stop, okay. I know you think I'm down here wallowing in my own self-pity waiting to be rescued and saved, but I'm fine. Okay, *we're* fine. 
Korg: We're good here, mate. 
Thor: So whatever it is that you're offering, we're not into it, don't care, couldn't care less. Goodbye. 
Bruce Banner: We need you, pal. 
Rocket: There's beer on the ship. 
Thor: What kind?
Thanos: Lay fire! 
Corvus Glaive: But sire, our troops. 
Thanos: Just do it!
Peter Quill: Gamora? 
Peter Quill: I thought I lost you. 
Peter Quill: Ow! 
Gamora: Don't... touch... me! 
Peter Quill: Ah! 
Peter Quill: You missed the first time... then you got them both the second time.
Hawkeye: Cap, what do you want me to do with this damn thing? 
Captain America: Get those stones as far away as possible! 
Bruce Banner: No! We need to get them back where they came from. 
Iron Man: No way to get them back. Thanos destroyed the Quantum Tunnel. 
Ant-Man: Hold on. 
Ant-Man: That wasn't our only time machine. 
Captain America: Anyone see an ugly, brown van out there? 
Valkyrie: Yes, but you're not gonna like where it's parked. 
Iron Man: Scott, how long you need to get that thing working? 
Ant-Man: Uh, maybe ten minutes. 
Captain America: Get it started. We'll get the stones to you! 
The Wasp: We're on it, Cap.
Thanos: Avengers... Unloyal wretches.
Clint Barton: Oh, hey, I remember you 
Nebula: Father, I have the stones. 
Clint Barton: What? 
Gamora: Stop! 
Nebula: You're betraying us. 
Nebula: You don't have to do this. 
Nebula: I am - this. 
Gamora: No, you're not. 
Nebula: See what we'll become. 
Gamora: Nebula, listen to her. 
Nebula: You can change. 
Nebula: He won't let me 
Gamora: No!
Howard Stark: Let me ask you a question. When your kid was born... were you nervous? 
Tony Stark: Wildly. Yeah. 
Howard Stark: Did you feel qualified? Like you had any idea how to successfully operate that thing? 
Tony Stark: I literally pieced it together as I went along, I thought about what my Dad did, and... My old man, he never met a problem he couldn't solve with a belt. I thought my dad was tough on me. And now, looking back, I just remember the good stuff, you know. He did drop the odd pearl. 
Howard Stark: Yeah? Like what? 
Tony Stark: "No amount of money ever bought a second of time." 
Howard Stark: Smart guy. 
Tony Stark: He did his best. 
Howard Stark: Let me tell you. That kid's not even here yet, and there's nothing I wouldn't do for him. Good to meet you, Potts. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, Howard... Everything's gonna be all right. Thank you for everything you've done for this country.
Lila Barton: Who puts mayo on a hotdog?
Valkyrie: So, when can we expect you back? 
Thor: Uhhmm... about that... 
Valkyrie: Thor. Your people need a king. 
Thor: No, they already have one. 
Valkyrie: That's funny. You're being serious? 
Thor: It's time for me to be who I am rather than who I'm supposed to be. But you, you're a leader. That's who you are. 
Valkyrie: You know I'd make a lot of changes around here. 
Thor: I'm counting on it. Your Majesty. 
Valkyrie: What will you do? 
Thor: I'm not sure. For the first time in a thousand years, I... I have no path. I do have a ride, though. 
Rocket: Move it or lose it, hairbag.
Tony Stark: Thumbelina, do you copy? I've got eyes on the prize. It is go-time. 
Ant-Man: Bombs away. 
Ant-Man: Is... is that Axe body spray? 
Tony Stark: Yeah, I had a can just for emergencies. Relax. Can we focus, please? 
Ant-Man: I'm going inside you. Now.
Tony Stark: Hey, you said one out of fourteen million, we win, right? Tell me this is it. 
Doctor Strange: If I tell you what happens, it won't happen. 
Tony Stark: You better be right.
Grieving Man: So I, uh... Went on a date the other day. First time in five years, you know? Sit there, dinner... I didn't know what to talk about. 
Steve Rogers: What did you talk about? 
Grieving Man: Same old crap, you know? How things have changed, and... my job, his job... How much we miss the Mets. Then things get quiet... He cried as they were serving the salads. 
Steve Rogers: How about you? 
Grieving Man: I cried... just before dessert. But I'm seeing him tomorrow, so... 
Steve Rogers: That's great. You did the hardest part. You took the jump, you didn't know where you were gonna come down. And that's it. That's those little brave baby steps you gotta take. To try and become whole again. To try and find purpose. I went in the ice in '45 right after I met the love of my life. Woke up 70 years later. You got to move on. Got to move on. The world is in our hands. It's left to us guys, and we have to do something with it. Otherwise... Thanos should have killed all of us.
Tony Stark: You trust me? 
Steve Rogers: I do. 
Tony Stark: Your call. 
Steve Rogers: Here we go.
Spider-Man: Activate "Instant Kill!"
Scott Lang: Guys... I think it worked.
Gamora: What did you do to them? 
Thanos: Nothing. Yet. They're not trying to stop something I'm going to do in our time. They're trying to undo something I've already done in theirs. 
Gamora: The stones. 
Thanos: I found them all. I won. Tipped the cosmic scales to balance. 
Ebony Maw: This is your future. 
Thanos: It's my destiny. 
Nebula: My father is many things. A liar is not one of them. 
Thanos: Thank you, daughter. Perhaps I treated you too harshly. 
Thanos: And that is destiny fulfilled.
Thanos: I will shred this universe down to its last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one teeming with life that knows not what it has lost, but only what it has been given. A grateful universe. 
Captain America: Born out of blood. 
Thanos: They'll never know it. Because you won't be alive to tell them.
Thor: I knew it!
Ant-Man: Who are these guys? 
Tony Stark: They are S.H.I.E.L.D. Well, actually HYDRA, but we didn't know that yet. 
Ant-Man: Seriously? You didn't? I mean, they look like bad guys. 
Tony Stark: You're small, but you're talking loud?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Welcome, Natasha, daughter of Ivan, Clint, son of Edith. 
Natasha Romanoff: Who are you? 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Consider me a guide. To you, and to all who seek the soul stone. 
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, good. Tell us where it is, then we'll be on our way. 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Ah, lieschen. If only it were that easy 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): What you seek lies in front of you. As does that which you fear. 
Natasha Romanoff: The stone's down there. 
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): For one of you. For the other, in order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love. An everlasting exchange. A soul for a soul.
T'Challa: Clint, give it to me.
Steve Rogers: No. No, I don't think I will.
Clint Barton: Okay, hold on. Don't shoot.
Thor: So you guys want a drink? What are you drinking? We have beer, tequila, all sorts of things. 
Bruce Banner: Buddy, you all right? 
Thor: Yes, I'm fine! Why, don't I look all right? 
Rocket: You look like melted ice cream.
Tony Stark: Do we know if she had family? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah. Us.
Thor: So, you guys want a drink? What are we drinking? I've got beer, tequila, all sorts of things. 
Bruce Banner: Buddy, you all right? 
Thor: Yes, I'm fine. Why? Why, don't I look all right? 
Rocket: You look like melted ice cream. 
Thor: So, what's up? You just here for a hang, or what? 
Bruce Banner: We need your help. 
Thor: Mm. 
Bruce Banner: There might be a chance we could fix everything. 
Thor: What, like the cable? 
Thor: 'Cause that's been driving me bananas for weeks. 
Bruce Banner: Like Thanos. 
Thor: Don't say that name. 
Korg: Um, yeah, we don't actually say that name in here. 
Bruce Banner: Please take your hand off me. 
Bruce Banner: Now, I know that... guy... might scare you. 
Thor: Why would I be...? 
Thor: Why would I be scared of that guy? I'm the one who killed that guy, remember? 
Bruce Banner: Hmm. 
Thor: Anyone else here kill that guy? 
Thor: Nope. Didn't think so. Korg, why don't you, uh, tell everybody who chopped Thanos' big head off? 
Korg: Um, Stormbreaker? 
Thor: Who was swinging Stormbreaker? 
Bruce Banner: I get it. You're in a rough spot, okay? I've been there myself. And you want to know who helped me out of it? 
Thor: Was it Natasha? 
Bruce Banner: It was you. You helped me. 
Thor: So, why don't you ask... the Asgardians down there... how much my help is worth? 
Thor: The ones that are left, anyway. 
Bruce Banner: I think we could bring them back. 
Thor: Stop. Stop, okay? I know you think I'm down here wallowing in my own self-pity, waiting to be rescued and, and saved, but I'm fine, okay. We're fine, aren't we? 
Korg: Oh, we're good here, mate. 
Thor: So, whatever it is that you're offering, we're not into it. Don't care. Couldn't care less. Goodbye. 
Bruce Banner: We need you, pal. 
Rocket: There's beer on the ship. 
Thor: What kind?
Tony Stark: I couldn't stop him. 
Steve Rogers: Neither could I. 
Tony Stark: I lost the kid. 
Steve Rogers: Tony, *we* lost. 
Tony Stark: Is, uh-? 
Tony Stark: Oh, good. 
Pepper Potts: Oh, my god. 
Pepper Potts: Oh, my god. 
Tony Stark: It's alright.
Doctor Strange: Is that everyone? 
Wong: What, you wanted more? 
Captain America: Avengers... 
Captain America: ... Assemble.
Star-Lord: Gamora? 
Star-Lord: I thought I lost you. 
Gamora: Don't... touch... me! 
Star-Lord: You missed the first time... then you got both the second time. 
Gamora: This is the one? Seriously? 
Nebula: The choices were him or a tree.
Nebula: Thanos found the Soul Stone on Vormir. 
Natasha Romanoff: What is Vormir? 
Nebula: A dominion of death, at the very center of celestial existence. It's where Thanos murdered my sister. 
Scott Lang: Not it.
Natasha Romanoff: See you in a minute.
Thanos: Where's Nebula? 
Corvus Glaive: She's not responding. 
Ebony Maw: Sire! 
Black Panther: Clint! Give it to me. 
Scarlet Witch: You took everything from me. 
Thanos: I don't even know who you are. 
Scarlet Witch: You will. 
Spider-Man: I got it! 
Spider-Man: Activate "Instant Kill!"
Scott Lang: Hey kid, what the hell happened here?
Hulk: Everybody comes home.
Nebula: I wasn't always like this. 
War Machine: Me either. But we work with what we got, right?
Clint Barton: You know I wish there was a way that I could let her know. That we won, we did it. 
Wanda Maximoff: She knows. 
Wanda Maximoff: They both do.
Hulk: Come on, I feel like I'm the only one eating here. Try some of that. Have some eggs. 
Scott Lang: I'm so confused. 
Hulk: These are confusing times. 
Scott Lang: Right, no, no. That's... that's not what I... I meant. 
Hulk: Nah, I get it. I-I'm... I'm kidding! I know, it's crazy. I'm wearing shirts now. 
Scott Lang: Yeah. What? How? Why? 
Hulk: Five years ago, we got our asses beat. Except it was worse for me, 'cause I lost twice. First Hulk lost, then Banner lost, then we all lost. 
Natasha Romanoff: No one blamed you, Bruce. 
Hulk: I did. For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get rid of. But then I started looking at him as the cure. Eighteen months in the gamma lab; I put the brains and the brawn together... and now, look at me. Best of both worlds.
Rocket: BOOM!
Nebula: Barton, come in. Romanoff, come in, we have a problem. Come in, we have a prob- Thanos knows.
Rocket: Hey, Humie. Where's Big Green? 
Scott Lang: The kitchen, I think. 
Scott Lang: That's awesome. 
Nebula: Rhodey, careful on re-entry. There's an idiot in the landing zone. 
Scott Lang: Oh, God. 
James Rhodes: What's up, Regular-Sized Man?
Rocket: Kind of a step down from the golden palaces and the magic hammers and whatnot. 
Bruce Banner: Hey, have a little compassion, pal. First, they lost Asgard, then half their people. They're probably just happy to have a home. 
Valkyrie: You shouldn't have come. 
Bruce Banner: Ah! Valkyrie! Great to see you, angry girl! 
Valkyrie: I think I liked you better either of the other ways. 
Bruce Banner: This is Rocket. 
Rocket: How ya doin'? 
Valkyrie: He won't see you. 
Bruce Banner: It's that bad, huh? 
Valkyrie: We only see him once a month when he comes in for... 
Valkyrie: ...supplies. 
Bruce Banner: It's that bad. 
Valkyrie: Yeah.
Black Widow: Thanos left here with the Stone, without his daughter. That's not a coincidence. 
Hawkeye: Yeah. 
Black Widow: Whatever it takes. 
Hawkeye: Whatever it takes.
Thanos: Rain fire! 
Corvus Glaive: But sire, our troops... 
Thanos: Just do it! 
Pepper Potts: Uh, is anyone else seeing this?
S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent: You're new here? 
Steve Rogers: Not exactly.
Natasha Romanoff: Guys, if you pick the right year, there are three stones in New York. 
Bruce Banner: Shut the front door.
Tony Stark: Whatcha reading? 
Pepper Potts: Just a book on composting. 
Tony Stark: What's new with composting? 
Pepper Potts: Interesting science... 
Tony Stark: I figured it out. By the way. 
Pepper Potts: And, you know, just so we're talking about the same thing... 
Tony Stark: Time travel. 
Pepper Potts: What? Wow. That's... amazing, and terrifying.
Alexander Pierce: May I ask where you where you're going? 
Thor: Bit of lunch and then Asgard. I'm sorry, you are...? 
Tony Stark: Alexander Pierce. He's the man above the folks behind Nick Fury. 
Thor: Oh. 
Alexander Pierce: My friends call me Mr. Secretary. I'm gonna have to ask you to turn that prisoner over to me. 
Thor: Uh, Loki will be answering to Odin himself. 
Alexander Pierce: No, he's gonna answer to us. Odin can have what's left. And I'm gonna need that case. That's been S.H.I.E.L.D. property for over 70 years. 
Tony Stark: All right, move it, Stuart Little. Things are getting dicey out here. Let's go.
Ebony Maw: Sire... your daughter... . 
Nebula: No! 
Ebony Maw: ...is a traitor. 
Nebula: That's not me. It's not, I could never... I would never betray you. Never. Never. 
Thanos: I know. And you'll have the chance to prove it.
Tony Stark: We got a shot at getting these stones, but I gotta tell you my priorities. Bring back what we lost, I hope, yes. Keep what I found, I have to, at all costs. And maybe not die trying would be nice. 
Steve Rogers: Sounds like a deal.
Rocket: Hi. You must be Mom. I got the thing. Come on. We gotta move. 
Thor: Oh, I wish we had more time. 
Frigga: No, this was a gift. Now you go and be the man you're meant to be.
Tony Stark: Not that it's a competition, but she loves me 3,000. 
Pepper Potts: Oh, does she, now? 
Tony Stark: You were somewhere in the low 6 to 900 range.
Howard Stark: Have we ever met that guy? 
Jarvis: You meet a lot of people, sir. 
Howard Stark: Seems very familiar.
Natasha Romanoff: Carol, are we seeing you here next month? 
Carol Danvers: Not likely. 
Rocket: What? You gonna get another haircut? 
Carol Danvers: Listen, fur face. I'm covering a lot of territory. The things that are happening on Earth are happening everywhere. On thousands of planets. 
Rocket: All right, all right. That's a good point. That's a good point. 
Carol Danvers: So you might not see me for a long time. 
Natasha Romanoff: All right. Uh, well... this channel's always active. So, if anything goes sideways, anyone's making trouble where they shouldn't, comes through me.
Steve Rogers: Where did you get this? 
Steve Rogers: Bucky is alive.
Rocket: What the...? 
Rocket: Whew! Something died in here! 
Bruce Banner: Hello? Thor? 
Thor: Are you here about the cable? The Cinemax went out two weeks ago, and the sports are all fuzzy and, uh, whatnot. 
Bruce Banner: Thor? 
Thor: Boys! Oh my God! 
Thor: Oh my God, it's so good to see you! 
Thor: Come here, cuddly little rascal. 
Rocket: Yeah, no, I'm good. I'm good. That's not necessary. 
Thor: Hulk, you know my friends Miek and Korg, right? 
Korg: Hey, boys! 
Bruce Banner: Hey guys. Long time no see. 
Korg: Beer's in the bucket. Feel free to log on to the wi-fi. No password, obviously. 
Korg: Thor, he's back. That kid on the TV just called me a dickhead again. 
Thor: Noobmaster. 
Korg: Yeah, Noobmaster69 called me a dickhead. 
Thor: I am sick of this. 
Thor: Noobmaster, hey, it's Thor again. You know, the God of Thunder. Listen, bud, if you don't log off this game immediately, I am gonna fly over to your house, come down to that basement you're hiding in, rip off your arms, and shove them up your butt! Oh, that's right? Yes. Go cry to your father, you little weasel. 
Korg: Thank you, Thor. 
Thor: Let me know if he bothers you again, okay? 
Korg: Thank you very much. I will.
Hawkeye: We're a long way from Budapest.
Nebula: I try to kill you. Several times. But eventually, we become friends. We become sisters. 
Gamora: Come on. We can stop him.
Rocket: I can't breathe! I can't breathe! I can't breathe! 
James Rhodes: Canopy, canopy, canopy! 
Hulk: Rhodey! Rocket! Get outta here! 
Rocket: Let me out! Come on!
Captain America: Danvers, we need an assist here. 
Spider-Man: Hi, I'm Peter Parker. 
Captain Marvel: Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me? 
Spider-Man: I don't know how you're gonna get it through all that. 
Scarlet Witch: Don't worry. 
Okoye: She's got help.
Scott Lang: You never wanted a time heist. You... you weren't on board with the time heist. 
Tony Stark: I dropped the ball. 
Scott Lang: You ruined the time heist. 
Tony Stark: Is that what I did? 
Scott Lang: Yeah.
Natasha Romanoff: Well, he's scared. 
Steve Rogers: He's not wrong. 
Scott Lang: Yeah, but, I mean, what are... what are... what are we gonna do? We need him. What, are we gonna stop? 
Steve Rogers: No, I wanna do it right. We're gonna need a really big brain. 
Scott Lang: Bigger than his?
Gamora: I don't understand. Two Nebulas. 
Thanos: No. The same Nebula... from two different times. 
Thanos: Set course for Morag. And scan the duplicate's memories. I wanna see everything.
Ant-Man: You promise me you won't die? 
Tony Stark: We're only giving me a mild cardiac dysrhythmia. 
Ant-Man: That doesn't sound mild.
Natasha Romanoff: That Time Stone guy. 
Bruce Banner: Doctor Strange. 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah, what... what kind of doctor was he? 
Tony Stark: Ear/nose/throat meets rabbit-from-hat.
Morgan Stark: Mommy told me to come and save you. 
Tony Stark: Good job. I'm saved. 
Tony Stark: I wish you were coming here to ask me something else. Anything else. I'm honestly happy to see you guys. I just... oh, and look, the table's set for six. 
Steve Rogers: Tony. I get it. And I'm happy for you. I really am. But this is a second chance. 
Tony Stark: I got my second chance right here, Cap. Can't roll the dice on it. If you don't talk shop, you can stay for lunch.
Steve Rogers: What are you doing here? 
Tony Stark: It's the EPR Paradox. Instead of pushing Lang through time, you might've wound up pushing time through Lang. It's tricky, dangerous. Somebody could have cautioned you against it. 
Steve Rogers: You did. 
Tony Stark: Oh, did I? Well, thank God I'm here.
Tony Stark: I just want peace. It turns out resentment is corrosive, and I hate it. 
Steve Rogers: Me too.
Rocket: . Take it easy; you're only a genius on Earth, pal.
Tony Stark: Part of the journey is the end.
Steve Rogers: Are there any other options with the Tesseract? 
Scott Lang: No, no, no, there's no other options. There's no do-overs. We're not going anywhere else. We have one particle left. Each. That's it. All right? We use that... bye-bye, you're not going home. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, well, if we don't try... then no one else is going home, either. 
Tony Stark: I got it. There's another way to re-take the Tesseract and acquire new particles. Little stroll down memory lane. Military installation, Garden State. 
Steve Rogers: When were they both there? 
Tony Stark: They were there at a time... I have a vaguely exact idea. 
Steve Rogers: How vague? 
Scott Lang: What are you talking about? What are we... where are we going? 
Tony Stark: I know for a fact they were there. 
Scott Lang: Who's "they"? What are we doing? 
Tony Stark: And I know how I know. 
Scott Lang: Guys, what's the... what is it? 
Steve Rogers: Well, it looks like we're improvising. 
Tony Stark: Great. 
Scott Lang: What are we improvising?
Scott Lang: It's crazy. 
Natasha Romanoff: Scott... I get emails from a racoon. So, nothing sounds crazy anymore.
Steve Rogers: I can do this all day. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I know.
Tony Stark: I love you 3000.
Tony Stark: Hey, you said one out of fourteen million, we'd win, yeah? Tell me this is it. 
Doctor Strange: If I tell you what happens, it won't happen.
Rocket: What did you do? 
Thor: I went for the head.
Thor: I knew it!
Steve Rogers: You've got to be shitting me.
Peter Quill: Gamora? I thought I lost you. 
Gamora: This is the one? Really? 
Nebula: It was either him or the tree.
Clint Barton: Tell my family I love them. 
Natasha Romanoff: You tell them yourself.
Thor: Mother, I have to tell you something... 
Frigga: No, son, you don't. You're here to repair your future - not mine.
Thanos: I am... inevitable. 
Tony Stark: And I... am... Iron Man!
Tony Stark: I love you three thousand.
Peter Parker: Hey! Holy cow! You will not believe what's been going on. Do you remember when we were in space? And I got all dusty? And I must've passed out because I woke up and you were gone. But Doctor Strange was there right. And he said 'It's been five years. Come on, they need us.' And he started doing the yellow sparkly thing that he does. Anyway... 
Peter Parker: This is nice.
Frigga: Everyone fails at who they're supposed to be, Thor. The measure of a person, of a hero, is how well they succeed at being who they are.
Thanos: I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive, but you have shown me... that's impossible. As long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those, that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.
Bruce Banner: You saw what those stones did to Thanos, they almost killed him. None of you could survive. 
Steve Rogers: How do we know you will? 
Bruce Banner: You don't. But the radiation's mostly gamma. It's like I was made for this.
Doctor Strange: Is that everyone? 
Wong: What, you wanted more?
Peter Parker: Mr. Stark. Hey, Mr. Stark? 
Peter Parker: Can you hear me? It's Peter. Hey... we won. Mr. Stark. We won, Mr. Stark. We won, you did it, sir, you did it. 
Peter Parker: I'm sorry, Tony.
Natasha Romanoff: Where have you been? 
James Rhodes: Mexico. The Federales found a room full of bodies. Looks like a bunch of cartel guys - never even had a chance to get their guns out. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's probably a rival gang. 
James Rhodes: Except that it isn't. It's definitely Barton. What he's done here, what he's been doing, for the last few years - if you'd seen what he's left - I gotta tell you, there's a part of me that doesn't even want to find him. 
Natasha Romanoff: Will you find where he goes next? 
James Rhodes: Nat... 
Natasha Romanoff: Please?
Clint Barton: We can't bring her back. 
Thor: I'm sorry, no offence, but you're a very earthly being, okay, and we're talking about space magic. It can seem very difficult... 
Clint Barton: Yeah, look, I know I'm way outside my pay rate here, but she's still dead, isn't she? It *can't* be undone! Or, at least that's what the red floating guy had to say! Maybe you ought to go talk to him! Okay, go grab your hammer, and you find and talk to him! It was supposed to be me. Sacrificed her life for that goddamned stone, she put her life on it. 
Bruce Banner: She's not coming back. We have to make it worth it. We have to. 
Steve Rogers: We will
Steve Rogers: We've been hunting Thanos for three weeks now - through face scans and satellites, so far we've got nothing. Tony, you fought him... 
Tony Stark: What are you talking about? I didn't fight him. No, he wiped my face with a planet while the wizard gave away the store. That's what happened, there's no fight... 
Steve Rogers: Okay, did he give you any clues, any coordinates? 
Tony Stark: I saw this coming a few years back, I had a vision, but I didn't want to believe it. Now it's true. 
Steve Rogers: Tony, I'm going to need you to focus... 
Tony Stark: I *needed* you, as in past tense. That trumps what you need. It's too late, buddy. Sorry. You know what I need? You know what I need? I need a shave. I don't believe I ever remember telling you this... 
James Rhodes: Tony, Tony... 
Tony Stark: What we needed was a suit of armor around the world! Remember that? Whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not, that's what we needed! 
Steve Rogers: Well, that didn't work out, did it? 
Tony Stark: I said we'd lose. You said, "we'll do that together too." Guess what, Cap? We *lost,* and you weren't there. But that's what we do, right? Our best work after the fact? We're the *Avengers?* Not the Prevengers, right? 
James Rhodes: Okay, you made your point, Just sit down, okay? 
Tony Stark: No, no, here's my biggest point, he said... 
James Rhodes: Just sit down, okay? We need you, you're new blood. 
Tony Stark: Bunch of tired old wheels! I got nothin' for you, Cap! I've got no coordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options! Zero, zip, nada. No trust - liar. 
Tony Stark: Here, take this. You'll find him, if you put that on. You hide -
Thor: Let's kill him properly this time.
Clint Barton: Damn you! 
Natasha Romanoff: Let me go. 
Clint Barton: No. Please don't. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's okay. 
Clint Barton: Nat!
Thor: You take the small one.
Thanos: I will shred this universe down to it's last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one. It is not what is lost but only what it is been given... a grateful universe.
Thor: Look, sitting there staring at that going is not going to bring everybody back. I'm the strongest avenger, okay, so this responsibility falls upon me. It's my duty. 
Tony Stark: No, no, listen... 
Thor: Let me! Let me do it. Let me do something good, something right. 
Tony Stark: No, it's not just the fact that that glove's channeling enough energy to char a continent. I'm telling you, you're in no condition to.
Pepper Potts: Tony, look at me. We're gonna be okay. You can rest now.
Bruce Banner: I'm looking for Dr. Strange. 
The Ancient One: You're five years early.
Tony Stark: Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck's scale, which then triggers the Doidge proposition. Can we agree on that? In layman's terms, it means, you are not coming home. 
Scott Lang: I did. 
Tony Stark: No, you accidentally survived. It's an billion-in-one cosmic fluke. Now you want to pull out... what you call it? 
Scott Lang: A time heist. 
Tony Stark: Yeah, a time heist. Of course. Why didn't I think of this before? Oh, because it's laughable, 'cos it's pipe dream. 
Steve Rogers: The stones are in the past. We could go back, we could get them. 
Natasha Romanoff: We can snap our own fingers. We can bring everybody back. 
Tony Stark: Or screw up worse than he already has, right. 
Steve Rogers: I don't believe we would. 
Tony Stark: Got to say that sometimes you miss that giddy optimism. However, high hopes won't help, if there is no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute the said, time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise. 
Scott Lang: Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel. I mean, no talking to our past-selves, no betting on sporting events... 
Tony Stark: I'm going to stop you right there, Scott. Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on, 'Back to Future?' 
Scott Lang: No. 
Tony Stark: Good, you got me worried there. 'cos that would be horse shit. That's not how Quantum Physics works. 
Natasha Romanoff: Tony, we have to take a stand. 
Tony Stark: We did stand and yet here we are. 
Scott Lang: I know you got a lot on the line. Your wife, your daughter. But I lost someone very important to me. A lot of people dead and now, now... we have a chance to bring her back, bring everyone back and you're telling me... 
Tony Stark: ...leave it. I can't.
Thor: No, give me that. 
Thor: You have the little one.
Sam Wilson: Sam:  On your left.
Clint Barton: You know, I wish there is a way that I can let her know... that we won, we did it. 
Wanda Maximoff: She knows... they both do.
Bruce Banner: Clint, where's Nat?
Thor: Well, the Asgardians of the Galaxy back together again.
Tony Stark: Scott, how long do you need to get that thing working? 
Scott Lang: Maybe ten minutes. 
Steve Rogers: Get it started. We'll bring the stones to you. 
Hope van Dyne: We're on it, Cap.
Scott Lang: Guys... I think it worked.
Natasha Romanoff: Let me go. 
Clint Barton: No. No, please, no. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's okay. 
Clint Barton: Please. 
Clint Barton: NO!
Thanos: In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter, it was never personal. But I'll tell you, now... what I'm about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet, I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.
The Ancient One: I'd be careful going that way, we just had the floors waxed. 
Hulk: Hey, I'm looking for Doctor Strange. 
The Ancient One: You're about... 5 years too early. Stephen Strange is currently performing surgery 20 blocks that way. What do you want from him? 
Hulk: That, actually. 
The Ancient One: Ahh! I'm afraid not. 
Hulk: Sorry, but I wasn't asking. 
The Ancient One: You don't want to do this. 
Hulk: Ah, you're right, I don't. But I need that stone and I don't have time to b... 
The Ancient One: Let's start over, shall we?
James Rhodes: When you break into a place called 'the temple of the palace' there's usually a bunch of booby traps, but hey, whatever, go ahead.
Natasha Romanoff: Have any of you guys ever studied Quantum Physics? 
Natasha Romanoff: Only in conversation. 
Scott Lang: Alright, five years ago, right before Thanos, I was in a place called Quantum Realm. The Quantum Realm is like its own microscopic universe. To get in there, you have to be incredibly small. Hope, she is my ah... she was my ah... she was supposed to pull me out and then Thanos happened and I got stuck in there. 
Natasha Romanoff: Sorry, that must have been a very long five years. 
Scott Lang: It wasn't. For me, it was five hours. See, the rules of Quantum realm aren't like they are up here. Everything is unpredictable. Is that anybody's sandwich? I am starving. 
Steve Rogers: Scott, what are you talking about? 
Scott Lang: What I am saing is... Time works differently in the Quantum Realm. I can't stop thinking about what if we could control the chaos and we could navigate it. What if there was a way we could enter the Quantum realm at a certain point in time, but then exit the Quantum realm at another point in time, like before Thanos. 
Steve Rogers: Wait, are you talking about a time machine? 
Scott Lang: No, of course not, not a time machine. This is more like a... yeah, like a time machine. I know it's crazy, it's crazy but I can't stop thinking about it. There is got to be some... it's crazy. 
Natasha Romanoff: Scott, I get emails from so nothing sounds crazy anymore. 
Scott Lang: So, who do we talk to about this?
Bruce Banner: Please, please, please... 
The Ancient One: I'm sorry, I can't help you, Bruce. If I give up the time stone to help your reality, I'm dooming my own. 
Bruce Banner: With all due respect, I'm not sure that science really supports that. 
The Ancient One: The Infinity stones create what you experience as the flow of time. Remove one stone and that flow splits. Now, this may benefit your reality but my new one, not so much. In this new branched reality, without our chief weapon against the forces of darkness, our world will be over run. Millions will suffer. So, tell me Doctor, can your science prevent all that? 
Bruce Banner: No, but we can erase it. Because once we are done with the stones, we can return each one to it's own time line at the moment it was taken. So, chronologically, in that reality, they never left. 
The Ancient One: But you are leaving out the most important part. In order to return the stones, you have to survive. 
Bruce Banner: We will, I will. I promise. 
The Ancient One: I can't risk this reality on a promise. It is the duty of the Sorcerer Supreme to protect the time stone. 
Bruce Banner: Then, why the hell did Strange give it away? 
The Ancient One: What did you say? 
Bruce Banner: Strange, he gave it away. He gave it to Thanos. 
The Ancient One: Willingly? 
Bruce Banner: Yes. 
The Ancient One: Why? 
Bruce Banner: I have no idea. Maybe he made a mistake. 
The Ancient One: Or, I did. Strange was meant to be the best of us. 
Bruce Banner: So he must have done it for a reason? 
The Ancient One: I fear you might be right. 
Bruce Banner: . Thank you. 
The Ancient One: I am counting on you, Bruce. We all are.
Quentin Beck: Don't ever apologize for being the smartest one in the room.
Happy Hogan: You handle the suit. I'll handle the music. 
Peter Parker: Oh, I love Led Zeppelin!
Nick Fury: We have a job to do, and you're coming with us. 
Peter Parker: There's gotta be someone else you can use. What about Thor? 
Nick Fury: Off-world. 
Peter Parker: Doctor Strange 
Maria Hill: Unavailable. 
Peter Parker: Captain Marvel. 
Nick Fury: Don't you invoke her name! 
Peter Parker: I'm just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. 
Nick Fury: Bitch, please! You've been to space.
Peter Parker: Everywhere I go, I see his face. I just really miss him. 
Happy Hogan: Yeah, I miss him too. I don't think Tony would've done what he did, if he didn't know you were gonna be here after he was gone.
Flash Thompson: He's all right. He's no Spider-Man. 
MJ: What is it with you and Spider-Man? 
Flash Thompson: What? He's just awesome, okay? He protects the neighborhood and, you know, he's inspiring. He's inspires me to be a better man. 
Flash Thompson: What's up, dickwad? I thought you drowned.
Happy Hogan: I'm in love with Spider-Man's aunt!
Peter Parker: MJ, I... 
MJ: ...am Spider-Man? 
Peter Parker: No. Of course not! 
MJ: I mean it's... kind of obvious.
Peter Parker: How could you do all of this? 
Quentin Beck: You'll see, Peter. People... need to believe. And nowadays, they'll believe anything.
Pat Kiernan: We come to you now with revelations about last week's attack in London. An anonymous source provided this video, it shows Quentin Beck, aka, Mysterio, moments before his death. A warning:  You may find this video disturbing. 
Mysterio: I managed to send the Elemental back into the dimensional rift but I don't think I'm gonna make it off this bridge alive. Spider-Man attacked me for some reason. He has an army of weaponized drones, Stark technology. He's saying he's the only one who's gonna be the new Iron Man, no one else. 
E.D.I.T.H.: Are you sure you want to commence the drone attack? There'll be significant causalities. 
Spider-Man: Do it. Execute them all. 
Pat Kiernan: This shocking video was released earlier today on the controversial news website 'thedailybugle.net.' 
J. Jonah Jameson: There you have it folks:  conclusive proof that Spider-Man was responsible for the brutal murder of Mysterio! An interdimensional warrior who gave his life to protect our planet, and who will no doubt, go down in history as the greatest superhero of all time! But that's not all folks, here's the real blockbuster. Brace yourselves, you might wanna sit down. 
Mysterio: Spider-Man's real... Spider-Man's real name is - Spider-Man's name is Peter Parker! 
Spider-Man: What the fu - !
Mysterio: It's easy to fool people when they're already fooling themselves.
Happy Hogan: Heads-up. Nick Fury's calling you. 
Peter Parker: I don't really wanna talk to Nick Fury. 
Happy Hogan: Answer the phone. 
Peter Parker: Why? 
Happy Hogan: Because if you don't talk to him, I have to talk to him. I don't want to talk to him. 
Happy Hogan: You sent Nick Fury to voicemail? 
Peter Parker: I gotta go. 
Happy Hogan: You do not ghost Nick Fury!
Happy Hogan: I gotta get you guys out of here! Get on the jet! 
MJ: Who are you? 
Happy Hogan: I work with Spider-Man! 
Flash Thompson: You work for Spider-Man? 
Happy Hogan: I work *with* Spider-Man, not *for* Spider-Man! 
Happy Hogan: New plan!
Peter Parker: What's your password? 
Happy Hogan: Password. 
Peter Parker: No, what is your password? 
Happy Hogan: Password. The word spelled out. 
Peter Parker: You're head of security and your password is "password"? 
Happy Hogan: I don't feel good about it either.
Mysterio: If you were good enough, maybe Tony would still be alive.
Peter Parker: I think Nick Fury just hijacked our summer vacation. 
Ned Leeds: Awesome.
Happy Hogan: How does Cap do that?
Police Officer: You're going to be the next Iron Man now? 
Spider-Man: Well, no, I don't have time. I'm too busy doing your job. 
Spider-Man: I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Look, you're gonna have to do your job for a couple weeks, okay? Because *I* am going on vacation.
Nick Fury: Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown. Stark said you wouldn't get that because it's not a Star Wars reference.
Nick Fury: And this is Mr. Beck. 
Peter Parker: Mysterio? 
Quentin Beck: What? 
Peter Parker: Doesn't matter. It's what my friends have been calling you. 
Quentin Beck: Well, you can call me Quentin. You handled yourself well out there today. I saw that you did with the tower. We could use someone like you on my world. 
Peter Parker: Thanks. I'm sorry. Your world? 
Nick Fury: Mr. Beck is from Earth. Just not yours. 
Quentin Beck: There are multiple realities. This is Earth Dimension 616. I'm from Earth 833. 
Peter Parker: I'm sorry, you're saying there's a multiverse? 'Cause I thought that was theoretical. That changes how we understand the initial singularity. We're talking about an eternal inflation system. How does that even work with the quantum...? It's insane. 
Peter Parker: Sorry. 
Quentin Beck: Don't ever apologize for being the smartest one in the room.
Mysterio: Fury asked me to check you were OK. 
Peter Parker: That was nice. 
Mysterio: You do have sarcasm on this world, don't you?
Peter Parker: Peter Parker here to pick up a passport please!
Mr. Dell: I came for science. I'm leaving 'cause of witches. Welcome to the new dark ages!
Peter Parker: Happy, is that you? 
Happy Hogan: Is it me? Yeah, of course it's me! 
Peter Parker: Stop! Tell me something only you would know! 
Happy Hogan: Only I would know... Uh... Remember when we went to Germany? You pay-per-viewed a video in your room? They didn't list the titles but I could tell by the price that it was an adult film at the front desk, and you didn't know how I knew... 
Peter Parker: Ok ok! Stop!
Maria Hill: Nick, this was a tragedy, but it's not why we're here. What are we fighting the weather now? 
Nick Fury: Locals say the cyclone had a face. 
Maria Hill: People see things when they're under stress.
Peter Parker: You can't trick me anymore.
Spider-Man: Excuse me, sir! I can help! Let me help! I'm really strong and I'm... sticky!
MJ: You know, Susan Yang thinks you're a male escort. 
Peter Parker: What? No! Of course I'm not a male escort. 
MJ: Well then you're Spider-Man.
May Parker: Hungry? 
May Parker: You can dodge bullets but not bananas? 
May Parker: I thought that you could sense that with your Peter-Tingle. 
Peter Parker: Please stop saying "Tingle", May.
Nick Fury: Beck! What's your four? 
Quentin Beck: Hey William, I need a response! 
William Ginter Riva: It's all the elementals they've all merged into something... 
Quentin Beck: It's something else! Something more powerful! It's storing energy from the earth's core! 
Nick Fury: See now that's some bullshit.
May Parker: Let's go. Where are your bags? Oh right! They got blown up.
Peter Parker: The world needs the next Iron Man.
E.D.I.T.H.: EDITH stands for Even dead, I'm the hero.
Mr. Harrington: Did I tell you how my wife pretended to blip out? Turns out she ran off with a guy in her hiking group. We had a fake funeral for her and everything... Well the funeral was real. 'Cause we thought she was really dead.
Mysterio: You are just a scared little kid in a sweatsuit. I created Mysterio to give the world someone to believe in. I control the truth; Mysterio *is* the truth!
Nick Fury: How's the suit? 
Peter Parker: It's a little tight around the ol' web-shooter.
Betty Brant: I would totally kiss you but I think I just threw up in my mouth a little. 
Ned Leeds: I- I might have a mint.
Peter Parker: Uh, I have like a sixth sense. 
Happy Hogan: The Peter-Tingle!
MJ: Want to go in, on a pair? 
Peter Parker: You mean like sit next to each other? 
MJ: Yeah. 
Nick Fury: Parker, you in position? 
Peter Parker: No... 
MJ: Okay... no? 
Nick Fury: Why the hell not?
Flash Thompson: I post stupid videos daily for people to like me. 
Happy Hogan: Hey, if it wasn't for those stupid videos, Spider-Man would have never found you. 
Flash Thompson: Spider-Man...? Spider-Man follows me? I saved us, guys! 
MJ: If you saved us, why are we about to die?
Happy Hogan: No-one dies on my watch.
Ned Leeds: So, you know too. It's cool. I mean, I've known first and I've known longer but, it's not a competition.
Flash Thompson: Yo, Parker! This is called an airplane. It's like the buses you're used to, except that it flies over the poor neighborhoods instead of driving through them.
Mr. Dell: Earth, wind, fire, water. Oh, no. They joined forces like the Power Rangers. 
Mr. Harrington: You're thinking of Voltron. 
Mr. Dell: Who? 
Mr. Harrington: Voltron! You're thinking of Voltron!
Peter Parker: Go to the Eiffel Tower. Should be great. 
MJ: Yeah, I read it was secretly built as a mind control antenna to create an army of the insane.
Nick Fury: If another person touches that door, you and I will be attending another funeral.
Happy Hogan: Hey, sorry I'm late. 
May Parker: Happy! Hey. 
Happy Hogan: Oh, you look lovely. 
May Parker: Thank you, you too. 
Happy Hogan: Thank you. New dress? 
May Parker: Uh, yeah. Yes, it is. That's a new beard. 
Happy Hogan: It's my blip beard, because I grew it in a blip. Blip beard. 
May Parker: I see. 
Spider-Man: What just happened?
Happy Hogan: Nobody could live up to Tony, not even Tony. Tony was my best friend, and he was a mess. He second-guessed everything he did. He was all over the place.
Mr. Harrington: Just making rounds, seeing if anyone needs any emotional counseling after today's traumatic events. 
Peter Parker: No we're okay. We're- we're fine. Thank you. 
Mr. Harrington: Great. 'Cause, I'm not- I'm not qualified.
Mr. Harrington: What do you think it is? 
Mr. Dell: You know, being a man of science, witches.
Nick Fury: You got gifts, Parker. But you didn't want to be here. I'd love to have you in Berlin, but you've got to decide whether you're going to step up or not. Stark chose you. He made you an Avenger. I need that. The world needs that. Maybe Stark was wrong. The choice is yours.
Peter Parker: I've face a lot of deception, and I'm tired of the lies. So it's time for the truth to be out there. Are you dating? 
Happy Hogan: Yes. 
May Parker: Not really. 
Happy Hogan: What? I think... 
May Parker: It's a summer fling. 
Happy Hogan: Yes, that evolves and grows like any other. Open to wherever it might lead. 
May Parker: I still don't know where it's going to go. Anywhere. On or off. 
Happy Hogan: And to share with people... 
May Parker: But we'll always be friends, no matter what. 
Peter Parker: I'm going to go, because I've got a date. Uh, bye.
Ned Leeds: I wasted my whole life playing videogames and we're gonna die!
Quentin Beck: See? That wasn't so hard. Somebody get this stupid costume off me!
Spider-Man: Let's keep it moving guys, I got a lot to do today! 
Spider-Man: Alright, I'm gonna give this place one star. 
Spider-Man: Just kidding, it's bulletproof! 
Spider-Man: Guys, guys, I just wanted dressing on the side! Red bell pepper, anyone? That's it, I'm definitely not giving you a 20% tip!
Peter Parker: Hello. 
The Seamstress: Close the door. 
Peter Parker: Um... I'm Peter Parker. 
The Seamstress: Take off your clothes. 
Peter Parker: Excuse me? 
The Seamstress: You told Fury Spider-Man cannot be seen in Europe. So I made you this, another suit. 
Peter Parker: Oh, uh, thank you. I'm sure it fits fine. I don't need to try... 
The Seamstress: Take off your clothes. 
Peter Parker: Okay. Sure. 
Peter Parker: This is embarrassing. 
The Seamstress: Now. Hurry up. 
Peter Parker: This is weird. Heh. 
Peter Parker: No, no, no. Uh, don't... 
Brad Davis: Whoa! 
Peter Parker: Uh. 
Brad Davis: Sorry. Uh, I thought this was the bathroom. 
Peter Parker: This is not what it looks like! Just... 
Brad Davis: Yeah. 
Peter Parker: What are you doing? Brad... 
Brad Davis: I'll leave you alone. 
Peter Parker: Oh, my God. Don't shoot anybody. 
Peter Parker: Brad? It's not what it looks like, buddy. Hey, man, look, that's... 
Brad Davis: Look, Peter. I'm not here to judge your life choices, dude. If you want to hook up with some random European chick, that's on you. 
Peter Parker: That's not what it was. Honestly. 
Brad Davis: I can't pretend I didn't see what I just saw. I know you're trying to get with MJ. It's obvious. But I like her too. 
Peter Parker: Wait a minute. Hey, hey. You cannot show her that photo, dude. Come on. 
Brad Davis: I'm sorry, man. I have to. She deserves the truth.
Flash Thompson: BuzzFeed says there's a sailor, Morris Bench, who was exposed to an experimental underwater generator and got hydro powers. 
MJ: Yeah, you should definitely believe everything you read on the Internet. 
Flash Thompson: Spider-Man could take him.
Quentin Beck: These days, you can be the smartest guy in the room, the most qualified, and no one cares. Unless you're flying around with a cape, or shooting lasers with your hands, no one will even listen. Well, I've got a cape and lasers. With our technology, and with E.D.I.T.H., Mysterio will be the greatest hero on Earth! And then everyone will listen! Not to a boozy manchild, not to a hormonal teenager. To me, and to my very wealthy crew.
Spider-Man: Show's over, Beck.
Quentin Beck: Where you headed? 
Peter Parker: I'm gonna go find MJ. 
Quentin Beck: Good luck, kid. I'll give you about a fifty-fifty chance. You're pretty awkward, so...
Happy Hogan: Stay sticky!
Peter Parker: Does anyone have any neighborhood questions?
MJ: No texting and swinging.
Flash Thompson: Yo, Parker! This is called an airplane. It's like the buses you're used to. Except it flies over the poor neighborhoods instead of driving through them. 
MJ: Ma'am? 
Flight Attendant: Hmm? 
MJ: He blipped, so technically he's 16, not 21. 
Flight Attendant: I'll take that. 
Flash Thompson: She's lying! I don't even know this girl. 
Brad Davis: Classic MJ, right?
Mr. Dell: There's been nothing scientific about this science tour at all.
Brad Davis: Is no one else going to acknowledge how crazy this is? 
Mr. Dell: Yeah, I get it. There's been nothing scientific about this Science Tour at all. 
Brad Davis: No no no, I'm talking about Peter. Has no one else here noticed how shady he is? Because I saw him in the backroom of a rest stop with some woman in his underwear! And he's always sneaking away, like back at the Opera? Huh? And now what, he's suddenly off the trip? Like with his family in Berlin? Is no one else here interested in the truth? 
MJ: "The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world." 
Brad Davis: George Orwell. Thank you, MJ. 
MJ: Yeah, well, I mean since Peter's not really here to tell his truth, how about you, Brad? Why do you think it's cool to take pictures of people in the bathroom? 
Flash Thompson: Yeah, dude. What's that about? 
Brad Davis: N-no no, it wasn't like that. It was... I was trying to... 
Mr. Harrington: Yeah, let's just put all this craziness behind us and have a nice, peaceful afternoon. "Sounds great, Mr. Harrington." Said the class. Okay. 
Mr. Dell: I'm gonna be the Cool Teacher right now. You gotta stop doing that, okay? It IS weird. No more photos in the bathroom, urinal, or stalls.
Agatha: Am I dead? 
Vision: No! Why would you think that? 
Agatha: Because YOU are.
Wanda Maximoff: We are an unusual couple, you know. 
Vision: Oh, I don't think that was ever in question.
Scarlet Witch: This is our home now. I want us to fit in.
Vision: Wanda, welcome home
Wanda Maximoff: This is our home now. I want us to fit in. 
Vision: We shall.
Vision: they lived - happily ever after.
Agatha: This is gonna be a GAS !
Wanda Maximoff: Vision residence
Loki: You're taking me somewhere to kill me? 
Mobius: No, I'm taking you some place to talk. 
Loki: Well, I don't like to talk. 
Mobius: But you do like to lie. Which you just did, 'cause we both know you love to talk.
Loki: I'm gonna burn this place to the ground!
Loki: Oh, come on! What did you expect?
Miss Minutes: TVA - for all time, always.
Yelena Belova: Such a poser.
Melina Vostokoff: Good boy, Alexei. Good boy. 
Alexei Shostakov: You named a pig after me? 
Melina Vostokoff: You don't see the resemblance?
Alexei Shostakov: You both have killed so many people. Your ledgers must be dripping, just gushing red. I couldn't be more proud of you.
Natasha Romanoff: Here's what's going to happen. 
Melina Vostokoff: Natasha, don't slouch! 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm not slouching! 
Melina Vostokoff: You're going to get a back hunch. 
Alexei Shostakov: Listen to your mother. 
Natasha Romanoff: Oh my God, this... 
Alexei Shostakov: Up, up! 
Natasha Romanoff: All right, enough! All of you! 
Yelena Belova: I didn't say anything, that's not fair!
Natasha Romanoff: You good? 
Melina Vostokoff: ...I'm clearly injured.
Yelena Belova: Great plan. I love the part where I almost bled to death.
Alexei Shostakov: Why the aggression, huh? Is it your time of the month? 
Yelena Belova: I don't get my period, dipshit. I don't have a uterus. 
Natasha Romanoff: Or ovaries. 
Yelena Belova: That's what happens when the Red Room gives you an involuntarily hysterectomy. They kinda just go in and rip out all your reproductive organs. They just get right in there and chop them all away. So you can't have babies. 
Alexei Shostakov: OK, OK, you don't have to get so clinical and nasty! 
Yelena Belova: I was just going to talk about fallopian tubes...
Natasha Romanoff: I've lived a lot of lives... But I'm done running from my past.
Melina Vostokoff: You got fat.
Yelena Belova: Why do you always do that thing? 
Natasha Romanoff: What thing? 
Yelena Belova: That thing you do when you're fighting. The... like... the thing you do... 
Yelena Belova: Yelena Belova: When you whip your hair when you're fighting and you do like a fighting pose. It's a fighting pose. You're a total poser. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm not a poser. 
Yelena Belova: Ha ha! I mean they are great poses but it does look like you think everyone's looking at you, like all the time. 
Natasha Romanoff: All that time that I spent posing, I was actually trying to do something good. To make up for all the pain and suffering that we caused. Trying to be more than just a trained killer. 
Yelena Belova: Well, then you were fooling yourself. Because pain and suffering is every day and we are both still a trained killer. Except I'm not the one who's on the cover of a magazine. I'm not the killer little girls call their hero.
Yelena Belova: Okay, you got a plan, or shall I just stay, duck, and cover? 
Natasha Romanoff: My plan was to drive us away! 
Yelena Belova: It's a shit plan.
Natasha Romanoff: You should know I'm a better shot when I'm pissed off.
Melina Vostokoff: Your pain only makes you stronger.
Natasha Romanoff: Before I was an Avenger, I made mistakes... and a lot of enemies.
Natasha Romanoff: It's funny. My whole life, I didn't think I had any family. Turns out I got two.
Yelena Belova: I've never had control over my own life before, and now I do. I want to do things.
Alexei Shostakov: Do you know why it's gonna be all right? Because my girls are the toughest girls in the world. You're gonna take care of each other, okay? And everything, everything's gonna be fine.
Yelena Belova: Pain and suffering is every day and we are both still a trained killer. Except I'm not the one that's on the cover of a magazine.
Alexei Shostakov: It still fits!
Yelena Belova: The best part of my life was fake.
Alexei Shostakov: Come on, now. If we're just going to press buttons and hack computers... 
Melina Vostokoff: Yes. 
Alexei Shostakov: I mean, I don't know. There's nothing for me to do. I want to... I want to break something. 
Melina Vostokoff: Oh, you do? 
Alexei Shostakov: Melina Vostokoff: Oh, there is something you can break.
Natasha Romanoff: How many others are there? 
Yelena Belova: Enough.
Natasha Romanoff: I wish I could believe that you cared. But you're not even the first mother that abandoned me.
Alexei Shostakov: We're family. We fight with you!
Yelena Belova: You know, this is the first piece of clothing I've ever bought for myself. 
Natasha Romanoff: That? 
Yelena Belova: Yeah. You don't like it? 
Natasha Romanoff: Is that like a... Is it army surplus, or... 
Yelena Belova: Okay, it has a lot of pockets. But I use them all the time, and I made some of my own modifications. 
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, yeah? Whatever. 
Yelena Belova: Shut up. The point is, I've never... I've never had control over my own life before, and now I do. I want to do things. 
Natasha Romanoff: I like your vest. 
Yelena Belova: I knew it. I knew you did. It's so cool, right? 
Natasha Romanoff: It's good. Yes. I like it. 
Yelena Belova: And you can put so much stuff in there. You wouldn't even know.
Dreykov: Real power comes from undetectable influence.
Yelena Belova: The truth rarely makes sense when you omit key details.
Melina Vostokoff: We didn't steal weaponry or technology. We stole the key to unlocking free will.
Natasha Romanoff: I'm just finding it hard to believe he could stay off my radar. 
Yelena Belova: Well it's not smart to attack an Avenger if you want to stay hidden. I mean the clue is in the name. Dreykov kills you and one of the big ones comes to avenge you. 
Natasha Romanoff: Wait, what are the big ones? 
Yelena Belova: Well I doubt that the god from space has to take an ibuprofen after a fight.
Melina Vostokoff: The world functions on a higher level when it is controlled.
Alexei Shostakov: Never family, huh? In my heart, I am simple man. And I think that for a couple deep undercover Russian agents I think we did pretty great as parents, huh? 
Melina Vostokoff: Yes, we had our orders, and we played our roles to perfection. 
Natasha Romanoff: Who cares? That wasn't real. 
Yelena Belova: What? 
Natasha Romanoff: That wasn't real. Who cares? 
Yelena Belova: Don't say that. Please don't say that. It was real. It was real to me. You are my mother. You were my real mother. The closest thing I ever had to one. The best part of my life was fake. And none of you told me.
Yelena Belova: That was disgusting.
Dreykov: When you look into the eyes of a child you have raised, no mask in the world can hide that.
Melina Vostokoff: Tell me how did you keep your heart? 
Natasha Romanoff: Pain only makes us stronger. Didn't you tell us that? What you told me kept me alive.
Melina Vostokoff: What about Romanoff? 
Dreykov: She's a traitor. She turned her back on her people. On her blood. She had nothing. I gave her home. I gave her love. Put that thing in her you do. You know, uh, chemicals. Turn her into one of your pigs.
Dreykov: Look at them. These girls were trash. They are thrown out into the street. I recycle the trash. And I give them purpose. I give them a life.
Alexei Shostakov: Melina, if this is the last time that we... 
Alexei Shostakov: Ah, damn it.
Dreykov: It's my network of widows that help me control the scales of power. One command, the oil and stock markets crumble. One command, and a quarter of the planet will starve. My widows can start and end wars. They can make and break kings.
Melina Vostokoff: You can't defeat a man who commands the very will of others.
Secretary Ross: Yeah? 
Natasha Romanoff: Don't do this. 
Secretary Ross: Do what? 
Natasha Romanoff: Come after me. I mean, you're embarrassing yourself. It looks desperate. 
Secretary Ross: Thought maybe you'd be calling me to cut a deal. 'Cause from my vantage point, it's the federal fugitive who's desperate. 
Natasha Romanoff: From my vantage point, you look like you could use some bed rest. What is this, your second triple bypass? 
Secretary Ross: I wouldn't worry about me. We got Barton, we got Wilson and that other guy, the incredible shrinking convict. Rogers is on the run. You got no friends. Where you gonna go? 
Natasha Romanoff: I've lived a lot of lives before I met you, Ross. You shouldn't have gone to all this trouble. I'm done. 
Secretary Ross: Romanoff?
Natasha Romanoff: You can't just steal a guy's car. 
Yelena Belova: So you want me to chase him down and un-steal it?
Yelena Belova: I want a raise. 
Valentina Allegra de Fontaine: Oh, yeah. You and me both. Believe me, you're gonna earn it. I've got your next target. Thought I'd hand-deliver it. Maybe you'd like a shot at the man responsible for your sister's death. 
Valentina Allegra de Fontaine: Kind of a cutie, don't you think?
Antonia: Is he gone? 
Natasha Romanoff: He's gone
Yelena Belova: Where are my keys? 
Yelena Belova: Ah, bitch.
Natasha Romanoff: Put your seat belt on. 
Yelena Belova: You're such a mom.
Alexei Shostakov: So, there I am ice fishing with my father. It's very cold day in this little ice shed. Cold even for Russia, you know? Keep the vodka by the fire, my father would say to me. 
Yelena Belova: Please stop talking. 
Alexei Shostakov: Please wait. Please wait. 
Yelena Belova: Please, no. Please, I don't want to talk. 
Alexei Shostakov: Please. Please. There is a reason why I'm telling you this, okay? Trust me. I am reaching for fish. Oh! I lose balance. Ah! Splash! My hands go in the river. In this weather, frostbite sets in quick. My father, he go toilet on my hands. 
Yelena Belova: Oh, my God. 
Alexei Shostakov: Urine is 35 degrees Celsius, staves off the frostbite. 
Yelena Belova: How is this relevant? 
Alexei Shostakov: You know, fathers.
Natasha Romanoff: So, what now, you're gonna fold me into your pathetic little puppeteer act? 
Dreykov: Pathetic, huh? 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah, what would you call it? 
Dreykov: I would call it... 
Natasha Romanoff: When was the last time that you had a conversation with somebody that wasn't forced to talk to you? 
Dreykov: You ran away to fight in the wrong war. The real war was fought here, in the shadows. 
Natasha Romanoff: You didn't fight in the shadows. You hid in the dark.
Natasha Romanoff: You've always been a really good friend to me. 
Mason: That's what every man wants to hear.
Dreykov: Oh you find this amusing? Why are you smiling? 
Natasha Romanoff: Don't take this personal, but uh, thank you for your cooperation. You weren't quite strong enough, so... I'll have to finish it myself. 
Dreykov: What are you going to do? 
Natasha Romanoff: Natasha Romanoff: Sever the nerve.
Dreykov: Say hello.
Young Yelena: We're both upside down! 
Young Natasha: And I bet you're gonna fall down first. 
Young Yelena: No, YOU will.
Alexei Shostakov: Is it that time of the month?
Dreykov: You're in trouble.
Melina Vostokoff: I've always found it best not to look into the past.
Natasha Romanoff: Did you get everything on my list? 
Mason: Got passports, entry visas, a couple of local driver's licenses. Mix and match, you should be able to stretch it to 20 or so identities. 
Natasha Romanoff: Fanny Longbottom? 
Mason: What? 
Natasha Romanoff: What, are you 12? 
Mason: That is a legitimate name.
Alexei Shostakov: You haven't aged a day, huh? You're just as beautiful and as supple as the day they staged our marriage. 
Melina Vostokoff: You got fat. But still good. 
Alexei Shostakov: I just got out of prison. I, uh... I have a lot of energy. 
Melina Vostokoff: Oh! 
Natasha Romanoff: Please don't do that.
Melina Vostokoff: Yelena, slight change of plan. I completely demolished one of the engines and we are going into a controlled crash. 
Yelena Belova: Fantastic.
Yelena Belova: Any time now! 
Natasha Romanoff: Oh shut up!
Dreykov: With you, an Avenger under my control, I can finally come out of the shadows using the only natural resource that the world has too much of. Girls.
Yelena Belova: I know you're out there. 
Natasha Romanoff: I know you know I'm out here. 
Yelena Belova: Then why are you skulking about like it's a minefield? 
Natasha Romanoff: 'Cause I don't know if I can trust you. 
Yelena Belova: Funny, I was going to say the same thing. 
Natasha Romanoff: So, we gonna talk like grown-ups? 
Yelena Belova: Is that what we are?
Alexei Shostakov: You should've brought the Avengers' superjet. 
Yelena Belova: I swear, if I hear one more word from him, I will kick him in the face. 
Natasha Romanoff: He's the worst.
Natasha Romanoff: Are there any booby traps around here? Anything we need to know about? 
Melina Vostokoff: I didn't raise my girls to fall in traps. 
Natasha Romanoff: You didn't raise us at all. 
Melina Vostokoff: Oh, maybe so. But if you got soft, it wasn't on my watch.
Natasha Romanoff: I've lived a lot of lives before I met you, Ross. You shouldn't have gone to all this trouble. I'm done.
Yelena Belova: You can't just steal a guy's car. 
Natasha Romanoff: So you want me to chase him down and un-steal it?
The Watcher: I am the Watcher. I am your guide through these vast new realities. Follow me, and dare to face the unknown, and ponder the question:  what if?
The Watcher: Space, time, reality. It's more than a linear path. It's a prism of endless possibility.
The Watcher: Journey to face the unknown, and ponder the question:  what if?
The Watcher: I am the Watcher. I observe all that transpires here. And I do not, can not, will not interfere.
The Watcher: Time. Space. Reality. It's more than a linear path. It's a prism of endless possibility, where a single choice can branch out into infinite realities, creating alternate worlds from the ones you know. I am the Watcher. I am your guide through these vast new realities. Follow me and ponder the question... "What if?"
Trevor Slattery: Calm down, mate! I'm not dead, it's just a performance! Now get down here and play along!
Katy: I know you don't like to talk about your life, but a guy with a freaking MACHETE FOR AN ARM just chopped our bus in half!
Bruce Banner: Welcome to the circus.
Master Guang Bo: The sins of your past would have destroyed this place! 
Wenwu: Be careful how you speak to me, young man. I have lived ten of your lifetimes. I have eaten more salt than you have had rice in your life!
Trevor Slattery: That's a weird horse!
Trevor Slattery: Well, some time ago, I was offered the role of a terrorist. I know, facile, trite, I couldn't agree more. But times were lean, you know what I mean? Anyway, the producer told me he worked for the BBC. But, ironic twist, it turns out he, in fact, was a terrorist, and I wasn't playing a character at all, but what I now recognize to be a rather unflattering portrait of your father. We all got our just deserts. The producer got blown up by Iron Man, and I served time in federal prison, which turned out to be the best thing for me.
Wenwu: You can't outrun who you really are.
Jiang Nan: You are a product of all who came before you, the legacy of your family. You are your mother. And whether you like it or not, you are also your father.
Wenwu: Son, it's time for you to take your place by my side. 
Shang-Chi: That's not gonna happen.
Wenwu: Throughout my life, the Ten Rings gave our family power. If you want them to be yours one day, you have to show me you are strong enough to carry them.
Wenwu: I told my henchmen they couldn't kill you if they tried. I'm glad I was right.
Wenwu: A terrorist in America needed a boogeyman to bring your country to its knees. So, he appropriated Ten Rings, my Ten Rings, but because he didn't know my actual name, he invented a new one. Do you know what that name he chose? The Mandarin. He gave his figurehead the name of a chicken dish. And it worked! America was terrified... of an orange!
Wenwu: I gave you ten years to live your life. And where did that get you? You walked in my shadow. I trained you so the most dangerous people in the world couldn't kill you.
Xialing: Those things are gonna kill us all if we don't work together. 
Razor Fist: You think I'm going to fall for that? 
Ying Nan: Your weapons are useless against them. 
Razor Fist: We don't need your help. We are the mighty Ten Rings, and any... 
Razor Fist: We... we should work together.
Trevor Slattery: You can see Morris? 
Katy: Morris? 
Trevor Slattery: Oh, Morris! They can see you! You're real! All this time I thought I was hallucinating him. Oh, this is fab news. 
Katy: Where's his face? 
Trevor Slattery: He's a bit sensitive about that.
Waipo: If you aim at nothing, you hit nothing.
Shang-Chi: You're just a criminal who murders people. 
Wenwu: Be careful how you speak to me, boy!
Shang-Chi: I thought I could change my name, start a new life... but I could never escape his shadow.
Katy: I heard my mother saying don't overthink Idiot just aim and fire
Katy: What happened to your shirt?
Wenwu: Names are sacred, Ruiwen. They connect us not only to ourselves, but to everyone who came before.
Li: Lead with your breath. Look into your heart, the light and the dark. To know yourself, you must face them both.
Katy: You started an underground fight ring in Macau when you were 16 years old? 
Xialing: If my dad won't let me into his empire, I'm gonna build my own.
Xialing: I wasn't allowed to train with the boys. But I watched everything they did and taught myself to do it better.
Katy: Who are you?
Trevor Slattery: The first time I witnessed pure artistry. 1968. Planet of the Apes. I was sitting in a cinema next to my mum watching mastery unfold before my very eyes. After the film, I asked her, "How did they get those monkeys to do those things?" And she patted me on the head and she said, "It's not real, pet. It's just acting." That's when I knew. If they can teach those monkeys to act that brilliantly, just imagine what I could bring to the world. 
Shang-Chi: So you became an actor because you thought the monkeys were actually... 
Trevor Slattery: Riding horses? I did. Yes. When, in fact, they were simply acting as if they were riding horses. I still can't get my head round it, to be honest. 
Katy: Good for you, dude. You found your passion and went for it, and eventually used it to cripple the US government, but whatever. 
Trevor Slattery: Yeah. No, yeah, thanks.
Katy: We make a great team!
Shang-Chi: My name is Shang-Chi.
Shang-Chi: Is this what you wanted?
Wenwu: My son, you can't run from your past.
Shang-Chi: If I die, it's your fault!
Jiang Nan: The Ten Rings are stronger than anything in your universe.
Katy: We make a great team!
Katy: You changed your name from Shang to Shaun? 
Shang-Chi: Yeah, I dont... 
Katy: I wonder how your father found you. 
Shang-Chi: I was 15 years old. 
Katy: What is your name-change logic?
Druig: I've watched humans destroy each other when I could stop it all in a heartbeat. Do you know what that does to someone after centuries? Could our mission have been a mistake? Are we really helping these people build a better world? We're just like the soldiers down there:  pawns to their leaders, blinded by loyalty.
Ikaris: Thena, play nice. You've never had to fight me. 
Thena: I've always wanted to.
Thena: We have loved these people since the day we arrived. When you love something, you protect it.
Ajak: Five years ago, Thanos erased half of the population of the universe. But the people of this planet brought everyone back with the snap of a finger. The sudden return of the population provided the necessary energy for the Emergence to begin. 
Ikaris: How long do we have? 
Ajak: Seven days.
Sprite: If this is what the end of the world looks like, at least we'll have front-row seats... 
Phastos: You know what has never saved the world? Your sarcasm.
Blade: Sure you're ready for that, Mr Whitman?
Arishem: You have chosen to sacrifice a Celestial, for the people of this planet. I will spare them, but your memories will show me if they are worthy to live. And I will return, for judgement.
Jack: Dad, that's Superman! With the cape and shooting laser beams out of your eyes! 
Ikaris: I don't wear a cape.
Ikaris: I bet you've built the perfect safehouse. What's this even made of, vibranium? 
Phastos: Fall collection, IKEA. Ass.
Dane Whitman: Why didn't you guys help fight Thanos, or any war, or all the terribe things throughout history? 
Sersi: We were instructed not to interfere in any human conflicts unless Deviants were involved. 
Dane Whitman: By who?
Sersi: We're Eternals. We came here seven thousand years ago, to protect humans from the Deviants.
Ikaris: Do you think it was easy to live with the truth? To know that one day all this would end? If we gave humanity the choice, how many of them would be willing to die so that billions more could be born?
Sprite: King Arthur did have a crush on you.
Kingo: Karun, I've worked with him for 50 years, I trust him completely. Actually, when we first met, he thought I was a vampire, and he tried to stake me through the heart! 
Karun: I have apologized so many times. 
Kingo: Not quite enough times, very close though.
Druig: Kingo, the movie star! 
Kingo: I've directed some things too.
Karun: Very nice, sir! 
Kingo: Are you mental? Hide! 
Karun: We need action sequences!
Sprite: I've always envied you, Sersi. Because you got to live as one of them. And I never could. You know why I hated living with humans? Because they reminded me of things I didn't even know I wanted. Because of them, now I want to know what it feels like to grow up. To fall in love. To have a family. And to know in the end I've lived.
Ajak: We have watched and guided. We have helped them progress, and seen them accomplish wonders. Throughout the years, we have never interfered... until now.
Makkari: When humans create conflict, Ajak tells us not to interfere. 
Druig: Yes. But Ajak also tells us that stealing is very, very bad. 
Makkari: If you won't tell, I won't tell. 
Druig: Deal.
Sprite: So now that Captain Rogers and Iron Man are both gone, who do you think's gonna lead the Avengers? 
Ikaris: I could lead them.
Druig: Do you think, when we find the other Eternals out there, that they'll accept the truth, as we did? 
Makkari: Yes, because the truth will set you free.
Thena: I asked Gilgamesh once why he chose to protect me. He said, "When you love something, you protect it. It is the most natural thing in the world."
Sprite: The reason humans are at the top of the food chain is because you believe in structures and principles that don't actually exist. Gods, nations, money:  all concepts, stories... illusions.
Phastos: Is that a sarcophagus in my lab?
Karun: Life affords no greater duty than to protect one's family.
Kingo: Dishoom! 
Kingo: Karun, did you get that? 
Karun: I did, sir!
Sprite: How many cameras did you bring, young man?
Ajak: I led you down the wrong path. 
Ikaris: It's the only path I know.
Ajak: It is time.
Matt Murdock: You may have dodged your legal troubles but things will get much worse. There's still the court of public opinion. 
Peter Parker: How did you just do that? 
Matt Murdock: I'm a really good lawyer.
Peter Parker: I don't know how to work as a team. 
Peter Parker: Me either. 
Peter Parker: Well, I do. I have been in a team, okay? I don't wanna brag, but I will. I was in the Avengers. 
Peter Parker: The Avengers? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. 
Peter Parker: That's great! 
Peter Parker: Thank you! 
Peter Parker: What is that? 
Peter Parker: Wait, you don't have the Avengers? 
Peter Parker: Is that a band? Are you in a band? 
Peter Parker: No, not a band! Avengers is, uh... Earth's Mightiest... 
Peter Parker: HOW'S THIS HELPING?
Peter Parker: Are you okay? 
Peter Parker: Oh, my back. It's kinda stiff from all the swinging I guess. 
Peter Parker: Oh yeah, no, I got a middle back thing too. 
Peter Parker: Really? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. You want me to crack it? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great.
Ned Leeds: Wait so you're Spider-Man too? Why didn't you just say that? 
Peter Parker: I generally don't go around advertising it. Kind of defeats the whole anonymous superhero thing. 
Peter Parker: I literally just said that...
Green Goblin: Poor Peter... too weak to send me home to die. 
Peter Parker: No. I just wanna kill you myself. 
Green Goblin: Attaboy!
Peter Parker: If I can fix what happened to you then when you go back things will be different and you might not die fighting Spider-Man. 
Max Dillon: What do you mean fix us? 
Peter Parker: Look, our technology is advanced... 
Norman Osborn: I can help you. You know, I'm something of a scientist myself. Octavius knows what I can do. 
Otto Octavius: Fix? You mean like a dog? I refuse. 
Peter Parker: I can't promise you guys anything but at least this way you actually get to go home and have a chance, a second chance.
Otto Octavius: The power of the sun... 
Peter Parker: ...in the palm of your hand. 
Otto Octavius: Peter? 
Peter Parker: Otto. 
Otto Octavius: Oh, it's good to see you, dear boy. 
Peter Parker: It's good to see you. 
Otto Octavius: You're all grown up. 
Otto Octavius: How are you? 
Peter Parker: Trying to do better.
Green Goblin: I've watched you from deep behind Norman's cowardly eyes, struggling to have everything you want while the world tries to make you choose. Gods don't have to choose. We take.
Otto Octavius: You're not Peter Parker. 
Peter Parker: I am so confused right now!
Peter Parker: She told me that with great power... 
Peter Parker: Comes great responsibility. 
Peter Parker: Wait, what? How do you know that? 
Peter Parker: Uncle Ben said it. 
Peter Parker: The day he died. Maybe she didn't die for nothing, Peter.
Green Goblin: Strong enough to have it all... 
Green Goblin: Too weak to take it!
Doc Ock: You think your fancy new suit's gonna save you? 
Doc Ock: I should had killed your little girlfriend when I had the chance. 
Spider-Man: What did you just say? 
Doc Ock: Looks like we've got competition.
May Parker: You have a gift. You have power. And with great power, there must also come great responsibility.
Peter Parker: You know, Max was like the sweetest guy ever before he fell into a pool of electric eels. 
Peter Parker: That'll do it.
Max Dillon: There's gotta be a black Spider-Man somewhere out there.
Ned Leeds: Here's your web cartridges. 
Peter Parker: Oh, thanks, man. 
Peter Parker: What's that for? 
Peter Parker: It's my web fluid. It's for my web shooters. Why? 
Ned Leeds, Peter Parker, Peter Parker: WHOA! 
Ned Leeds: That came *out* of you! 
Peter Parker: Yeah. You can't do that, huh? 
Peter Parker: No? 
Peter Parker: How on earth does that even...?
Green Goblin: That some neat trick, that sense of yours. 
Otto Octavius: Norman? 
Green Goblin: Norman's on sabbatical, honey! 
Max Dillon: The hell? 
Spider-Man: The Goblin... 
Green Goblin: No more darker half, did you really think that I'd let that happen, that I'd let you take away my power just because you're blind to what true power can bring you? 
Spider-Man: You don't know me. 
Green Goblin: Don't I? I saw how she trapped you, fighting her holy moral mission. We don't need you to save us, we don't need to be fixed! These are not curses, they're gifts. 
Otto Octavius: Norman, no... 
Green Goblin: Quiet lapdog! 
Spider-Man: You don't know what you're talking about. 
Green Goblin: I've watched you from deep behind Norman's cowardly eyes, struggling to have everything you want while the world tries to make you choose. Gods don't have to choose. We take. 
Spider-Man: May, Run!
Doctor Strange: So, Peter... to what do I owe the pleasure? 
Peter Parker: I'm sorry to bother you, sir. 
Doctor Strange: Please. We've saved half the universe together. I think we're beyond you calling me "sir". 
Peter Parker: Okay. Stephen... 
Doctor Strange: That feels weird, but I'll allow it.
Ned Leeds: Peter! 
Peter Parker, Peter Parker, Peter Parker: Yeah?
Doctor Strange: Do you know a Peter Parker who's Spider-Man? 
Otto Octavius: Yes. 
Doctor Strange: Is that him? 
Otto Octavius: No.
Doc Ock: Hello, Peter. 
Spider-Man: Hi? Do I know you?
Peter Parker: Ah, there it goes. 
Peter Parker: Are you okay? 
Peter Parker: Oh, my back. It's kinda stiff from all the swinging I guess. 
Peter Parker: Oh yeah, no, I got a middle back thing too. 
Peter Parker: Really? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. You want me to crack it? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great.
Peter Parker: I love you guys! 
Peter Parker, Peter Parker: Thank you.
Norman Osborn: You know, I'm something of a scientist myself.
Ned Leeds: Is that a dinosaur?
Peter Parker: Strange, wait! We're so close! 
Doctor Strange: Zip it! I've been dangling over the Grand Canyon for twelve hours! 
Peter Parker: I know, I know, I'm sorry about that, sir. 
Peter Parker: You went to the Grand Canyon? 
Peter Parker: He could have used your help! 
Peter Parker: No no, it's OK. These are my friends. This is Peter Parker and this is Peter Parker. He's Spiderman, he's Spiderman. They're mes from other universes. This is the wizard I was telling you about.
MJ: Oh, here's a good one. 
MJ: Some suggest that Parker's powers include the male spider's ability to hypnotize females. 
Peter Parker: Stop, come on. 
MJ: Yes, my spider lord.
Otto Octavius: How are you, dear boy? 
Peter Parker: Just trying to do better.
Peter Parker, Peter Parker: You're amazing.
Peter Parker: Hey. Dr. Connors. 
The Lizard: Hello, Peter.
Ned Leeds: You can take the guy out of the chair, but you can't take the chair out of the guy.
Flint Marko: Peter, it's me. Flint Marko. Do you remember? 
Peter Parker: I'm Peter but I'm not your Peter. 
Flint Marko: What do you mean you're not my Peter? What the hell's going on? 
Peter Parker: I'll explain everything but first can you help me stop this guy? 
Flint Marko: Okay. 
Peter Parker: You try and surround him and I'll pull the plug, alright let's go!
Doctor Strange: The problem is you trying to live two different lives. The longer you do it, the more dangerous it becomes!
Doctor Strange: Be careful what you wish for, Parker.
Otto Octavius: You're flying out into the darkness to fight ghosts. 
Peter Parker: What do you mean? 
Doctor Strange: They all die fighting Spider-Man. It's their fate. I'm sorry, kid. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, me too.
Peter Parker: I'm sorry, what was your name again? 
Otto Octavius: Dr. Otto Octavius. 
Peter Parker: Wait. No, seriously, what's your actual name?
Green Goblin: She was there... because of you. I may have struck the blow, but you... You are the one that killed her. 
Norman Osborn: Peter? 
Norman Osborn: What have I done?
Spider-Man: Listen, let's just focus on the good news, okay? 
Doctor Strange: No, let's just focus on the bad news. As of now, you have detected zero multiversal trespassers. So, get on your phones, scour the Internet, and Scooby-Doo this shit. 
MJ: You're telling us what to do, even though it was your spell that got screwed up. Meaning that all of this is kind of your mess. You know, I know a couple of magic words myself, starting with the word 'please'. 
Doctor Strange: Please, Scooby-Doo this shit.
May Parker: Thirsty? 
Otto Octavius: Well, yes. I am thirsty. 
May Parker: Freshwater or salt? You know, because you're an octopus. 
Otto Octavius: What? 
May Parker: Freshwater it is.
Peter Parker: Hey... what are like, some of the craziest villains that you guys have fought? 
Peter Parker: Seems you've met some of them. 
Peter Parker: That's a good question. 
Peter Parker: I fought a... an alien made out of black goo once. 
Peter Parker: No way! I fought an alien, too. On Earth and in space. 
Peter Parker: Oh? 
Peter Parker: Yeah, he was purple. 
Peter Parker: I wanna fight an alien! 
Peter Parker: I'm, I'm still like... that you fought an alien, in space. 
Peter Parker: I'm lame compared to... like, I fought a Russian guy in a... like a rhinoceros machine. 
Peter Parker: Hey, can we rewind it back to the "I'm lame" part? 'Cause, you are not. 
Peter Parker: Aw, thanks. No, yeah. I appreciate it, I'm not saying I'm lame. 
Peter Parker: But it's just the self-talk maybe we should, you know... 'cause you're... you're amazing. Just to take it in for a minute. 
Peter Parker: Yeah yeah yeah. 
Peter Parker: You... you are amazing. 
Peter Parker: I guess I am. 
Peter Parker: You are amazing. 
Peter Parker: Thank you. 
Peter Parker: Will you say it? 
Peter Parker: No, I kinda needed to hear that. Thank you.
Doctor Strange: When you botched that spell, where you wanted everyone to forget that Peter Parker is Spider-Man, we started getting some visitors from every universe.
Spider-Man: You know MAGIC, but I know MATHEMATICS!
Flint Marko: Where's the box, Peter? 
Peter Parker: Flint! We can help everyone! 
Flint Marko: I don't care!
Otto Octavius: You're not Peter Parker.
Peter Parker: So you, like, make your own web fluid in your body. 
Peter Parker: I'd rather not talk about this. 
Peter Parker: No! I don't mean to... 
Peter Parker: Are you teasing me? 
Peter Parker: No, no, no! He's not teasing you. It's just that... we can't do that, so naturally we're curious as to how your web situation works. That's all. 
Peter Parker: If it's personal, I don't wanna, like, pry, but I just think it's cool. 
Peter Parker: I wish I could tell you, but it's like, I don't do it. Like, I don't do breathing. Like, breathing just happens. 
Peter Parker: Whoa. 
Peter Parker: Like, does it just come out of your wrists or... does it come out of anywhere else? 
Peter Parker: Only... only the wrists. 
Peter Parker: You ever have a web block? Cuz I run out of webs all the time. I have to make my own in a lab, and it's hassle compared to what you got. 
Peter Parker: Right, yeah. That sound's like a hassle, yeah. But I did, actually. You said that, I was like, "Oh, I had a web block." 
Peter Parker: Whoa... why? 
Peter Parker: Existential crisis stuff. 
Peter Parker: Yeah, I mean, don't even get me started on that.
Spider-Man: Wait a minute. Is that an Archimedean spiral? The Mirror Dimension is just geometry? You're great at geometry! You can do geometry! 
Spider-Man: Square the radius... divide by pi... at flat points along the curve... 
Doctor Strange: It's over, Parker. I'll come pick you up when it's done. 
Spider-Man: Hey, Strange! You know what's cooler than magic? 
Spider-Man: Math!
MJ: Does any part of you feel relieved about all this? 
Peter Parker: What do you mean? 
MJ: Now that everyone knows, you don't really have to hide or lie to people. 
Peter Parker: For the record, I never wanted to lie to you. But how can you tell someone that you're Spider-Man?
Eddie Brock: Okay. Okay, I think I got this. You're saying that this whole place here, it's just tons of... superpeople. 
Venom: And he has been saying it for hours. 
Eddie Brock: All right, tell me again. I'm sorry, I'm an idiot. There was a billionaire, and he had a tin suit and he could fly, right? 
Eddie Brock: Okay, and there was a really angry green man. 
Bartender: Hulk. 
Eddie Brock: Hulk. 
Venom: And you thought Lethal Protector was a shit name. 
Eddie Brock: Yeah, because it is. Now tell me again about your purple alien that loves stones. 'Cause I'll you what, man, aliens do not love stones. 
Venom: Eddie, don't start. They don't. 
Eddie Brock: Know what aliens love? Eating brains. Because that's what they do. All right? 
Bartender: Señor, he made my family disappear. For five years. 
Eddie Brock: Five years? That's a long time. Maybe I... Maybe I should go to New York and speak to this... Spider-Man.
J. Jonah Jameson: Was that a dinosaur?
Ned Leeds: Great, it's just some random guy.
Peter Parker: Hey Max, I missed you man.
Max Dillon: I was whoopin' Spider-Man's ass, he'll tell you! And then, he caused an overload. I was stuck in the grid, absorbing data. I was about to turn into pure energy, and then... oh shit. I was about to die.
Norman Osborn: Peter, you're struggling to have everything you want while the world tries to make you choose.
Max Dillon: Dr. Curt Connors, he was a scientist at Oscorp when I worked there. A brilliant scientist. Until he turned himself into a lizard, then he tried to turn the whole city into lizards. It was crazy. 
The Lizard: It wasn't crazy, Max. It was the next step in human evolution.
Electro: Look who showed up. My old friend Spider-Man.
Green Goblin: Can the Spider-Man come out to play?
J. Jonah Jameson: Tragedy. What else can I call it? What more need be said? The damage, the destruction, you saw it with your own eyes. When will people wake up, and realize that everywhere Spider-Man goes, chaos and calamity ensue? Everything Spider-Man touches comes to ruin. And we, the innocents, are left to pick up the pieces. J. Jonah Jameson, reporting. Good night. And God help us all.
Green Goblin: Coward! We have a new world to conquer. You make me sick. 
Norman Osborn: Leave me alone. Please. 
Green Goblin: Hiding in the shadows. Hiding from who you truly are! You can't escape yourself!
Peter Parker: Um, hi! Hi? I'm, uh... 
Wong: The most famous person in the world, I know. Wong. Try not to slip. We don't have liability insurance. 
Peter Parker: Is all this for a holiday party? 
Wong: No. One of the rotunda gateways connects to Siberia. Blizzard blasted through. 
Doctor Strange: Because someone forgot to cast a maintenance spell to keep the seals tight. 
Wong: That's right. He did. Because he forgot I now have higher duties. 
Doctor Strange: Higher duties? 
Wong: The Sorcerer Supreme has high duties, yes. 
Peter Parker: Wait, I thought you were the Sorcerer Supreme? 
Doctor Strange: No. He got it on a technicality 'cause I Blipped for five years. 
Peter Parker: Oh, well, congratulations. 
Doctor Strange: If I'd been here, then I... 
Wong: Would burn the place down. 
Wong: You two, no one said stop shoveling.
Spider-Man: Happy! 
Doctor Strange: No, I am annoyed.
Peter Parker: Cast a new spell, only this time, make everyone forget who Peter Parker is. Make everyone forget... me. 
Doctor Strange: No. 
Peter Parker: But it would work, right? 
Doctor Strange: Yeah it would work. But you gotta understand, that would mean everyone who knows and loves you, we... we'd have no memory of you. It would be as though you never existed. 
Peter Parker: I know. Do it. 
Doctor Strange: You'd better go and say your goodbyes, you don't have long. 
Peter Parker: Thank you, sir. 
Doctor Strange: Call me Stephen. 
Peter Parker: Thank you, Stephen. 
Doctor Strange: Yeah. Still feels weird. 
Peter Parker: I'll see you around. 
Doctor Strange: So long, kid.
Green Goblin: I've watched you from deep behind Norman's cowardly eyes. Struggling to have everything you want, while the world tries to make you choose. Gods don't have to choose. We take.
J. Jonah Jameson: Did you not hear me say don't lose him? I want incriminating footage of Spider-Man! I already called Damage Control, they're on their way. 
The Lizard: And so it begins...
Flint Marko: What is this? 
Max Dillon: You picked the wrong side. 
Max Dillon: Connors? 
Otto Octavius: Wait. You know this creature? 
Max Dillon: No, no, no, no. Not a creature. A man. 
Ned Leeds: Whoa. The same universes. 
Max Dillon: Dr. Curt Connors. He was a scientist at Oscorp when I worked there. A brilliant scientist. Until he turned himself into a lizard. Then he tried to turn the whole city into lizards. It was crazy. 
The Lizard: It wasn't crazy, Max. It was the next step in human evolution. 
Ned Leeds: The dinosaur can talk. 
MJ: Lizard. 
Ned Leeds: Right. 
The Lizard: Speaking of which, what happened to you? Last I recall, you had bad teeth, glasses, and a comb-over. Did you get a makeover? You know I can give you a real makeover. 
Max Dillon: Let me guess:  into a lizard? 
The Lizard: Exactly. 
Flint Marko: Would you two just shut up? Where are we? 
Ned Leeds: It's complicated. 
MJ: A wizard's dungeon. 
Max Dillon: Wizard's... wizard's dungeon? 
MJ: There's no real way to sugarcoat that. It's literally the dungeon of a wizard. 
Max Dillon: You can keep your magic. I want a taste of that new energy I just felt.
Doctor Strange: So, Peter... To what do I owe the pleasure? 
Peter Parker: Right. Umm... I'm really sorry to bother you, sir, but... 
Doctor Strange: Please. We saved half the universe together. I think we're beyond calling me sir. 
Peter Parker: Okay, uhh... Stephen. 
Doctor Strange: That feels weird, but I'll allow it. 
Peter Parker: When... When Mysterio revealed my identity... My entire life got screwed up, and... I was wondering, I mean, I don't even know if this would actually work, but I was wondering if... Maybe you could go back in time and make it so that he never did? 
Doctor Strange: Peter... we tampered with the stability of space-time to resurrect countless lives. You wanna do it again now just because yours got messy? 
Peter Parker: This isn't... it's not about me. I mean, this is really hurting a lot of people. My... My Aunt May, Happy... My best friend, my girlfriend, their futures are ruined just because they know me, and... They've done nothing wrong. 
Doctor Strange: I am so sorry, but... even if I wanted to... I don't have the Time Stone anymore. 
Peter Parker: That's right. I'm really sorry if I... wasted your time. 
Doctor Strange: You didn't... 
Peter Parker: Just forget about it 
Wong: He will. He's really good at forgetting things. 
Doctor Strange: Wong. You've actually generated a good idea. 
Wong: What? ?... 
Doctor Strange: The runes of Cafkal. 
Peter Parker: The runes of Cafkal? 
Doctor Strange: Oh, it's just a standard spell of forgetting. Won't turn back time, but at least people will forget that you were ever Spider-Man. 
Peter Parker: Seriously? 
Wong: No. Not seriously. That spell travels the dark borders between known and unknown reality. It's too dangerous. 
Doctor Strange: God, we've used it for a lot less. Do you remember the full moon party in Kamar-Taj? 
Wong: No. 
Doctor Strange: Exactly. Come on. Wong. Hasn't he been through enough? 
Wong: Just leave me out of this. 
Doctor Strange: Fine. 
Wong: Fine.
Doc Ock: Hello, Peter.
Spider-Man: It's actually my fault that you're here. 
Max Dillon: Like, the universe? Or the woods? I hate the woods. 
Spider-Man: I meant the universe, sir.
The Lizard: When you try to fix people, there are always consequences
Max Dillon: Can I tell you something?... You got a nice face, you're just a kid. You're from Queens. You got that suit, you help a lot of poor people. I just thought you was gonna be Black.
Max Dillon: He was a scientist at Oscorp when I worked there. A brilliant scientist. Until he turned himself into a lizard. Then he tried to turn the whole city into lizards, it was crazy. 
The Lizard: It wasn't crazy, Max. It was the next step in human evolution.
Doctor Strange: When I complete the proper ritual, it'll reverse the spell and send these guys back. 
Otto Octavius: And then what? We perish? 
Max Dillon: Nah, no thanks. I'll pass on that.
The Lizard: You know I can give you a real makeover. 
Max Dillon: Let me guess. Into a lizard? 
The Lizard: Exactly!
Ned Leeds: Cure that ass.
Wong: Strange, don't cast that spell! 
Doctor Strange: Fine. I won't.
The Lizard: I told you there'd be consequences!
Max Dillon: Something feels off... 
Flint Marko: What do you mean? 
Max Dillon: I don't like this. 
Flint Marko: Leave it alone. The sooner you guys get through this, the sooner we go home.
Doctor Strange: This is why I don't have kids!
Ned Leeds: Thank you Mister Cape, Sir.
Peter Parker: You were never a nobody, Max. 
Max Dillon: Yes I was, yes I was. You didn't see me.
Peter Parker: What'd you find? 
Ned Leeds: There's a... disturbance near a military research facility outside of the city, and witnesses say that they saw a monster flying through the air. 
Peter Parker: It's gotta be the guy I saw on the bridge, right? 
Otto Octavius: That's impossible. 
Peter Parker: You know him, don't you? On the bridge, you said his name. 
Otto Octavius: Norman Osborn. Brilliant scientist. Military research. But he was greedy, misguided. 
Peter Parker: What happened to him? 
Otto Octavius: We tire, of your questions, boy! 
Peter Parker: Okay. Umm... 
Peter Parker: I gotta go. Where am I going? 
Otto Octavius: It can't be him. 
MJ: Why? 
Otto Octavius: Because Norman Osborn died years ago. So either we saw someone else, or you're flying out in the darkness to fight a ghost.
Happy Hogan: How did you know her? 
Peter Parker: Through Spider-Man. You? 
Happy Hogan: Same. I lost a good friend a while back, it felt like this. It hurts because they're gone, and then it hurts all over again because you remember what they stood for. And you wonder, "Is all that gone too?" 
Peter Parker: No, it's not gone. Everyone that she helped; they'll keep it going. 
Happy Hogan: You really think so? 
Peter Parker: I know it. Take care of yourself, okay? 
Happy Hogan: Yeah. Nice to meet you.
Arena Bystander: Are you Spider-Man's girlfriend?
Spider-Man: What is this place? 
Doctor Strange: The Mirror Dimension. Where I'm in control.
Doctor Strange: The Mirror Dimension. Where I'm in control.
Doctor Strange: The entire world is about to forget about that Peter Parker is Spider-Man. 
Peter Parker: Wait, everyone? Can't some people still know? 
Doctor Strange: That's not how the spell works. 
Peter Parker: So MJ's gonna forget about everything we've ever been through. 
Doctor Strange: Stop tampering with the spell.
Norman Osborn: Coward! We have a new world to conquer. 
Norman Osborn: You make me sick. 
Norman Osborn: Leave me alone, please. 
Norman Osborn: Hiding in the shadows. Hiding from who you truly are. 
Norman Osborn: No. 
Norman Osborn: You can't escape yourself.
May Parker: Ah, hey. Here he is. Norman, this is my nephew. 
Peter Parker: Norman Osborn? I thought that you were... 
Norman Osborn: I saw Spider-Man in an ad for this place. And I thought he could help me. But you're not him. 
Peter Parker: Wait, so you want Spider-Man's help? 
May Parker: He, he just wandered in. 
Norman Osborn: I didn't know where else to go. Someone's living in my house. Oscorp doesn't exist. My son... 
Norman Osborn: Sometimes, I'm not myself. I'm someone else. 
May Parker: Mm-hm. 
Norman Osborn: And every time he's in control, I can't remember? 
May Parker: Who? Who's in control? 
Norman Osborn: And now I'm here in this place, in this city... 
May Parker: Who's in control? 
Norman Osborn: I don't know what's going on with me, and I don't... doesn't make sense. 
May Parker: Okay. It's okay. 
May Parker: He's lost. And I don't mean just in the cosmos. I mean in his mind. Are they all like this? 
Peter Parker: Yeah. 
May Parker: Yeah? 
Peter Parker: Maybe they all have their own mental or physical issues. 
May Parker: Oh, well, he needs help, and maybe they all do. 
Peter Parker: Wait, you don't mean... No, May. This isn't my problem. 
May Parker: Peter, not your problem? Hmm? 
Peter Parker: May, their chance of getting help is way better back where they came from. Sending them home, that's the best thing we can do for them. 
May Parker: For them? Or for yourself? 
May Parker: Look around you. This is what we do. We help people. 
Peter Parker: This is what's best... for them. Trust me.
Doc Ock: Hello, Peter. 
Spider-Man: Hi! Do I know you? 
Doc Ock: What have you done with my machine? 
Spider-Man: Your mach... I don't know what you're talking about. I don't... what machine? 
Doc Ock: The power of the sun, in the palm of my hand. It's gone 
Spider-Man: Listen, sir, if you stop smashing cars, we can work together and I can help you find your machine! 
Doc Ock: You wanna play games? 
Doc Ock: Catch!
Doctor Strange: They're starting to come through, and I can't stop them.
Peter Parker: I peed in the pool.
Spider-Man: What is this place ?
Steven Grant: I have a sleeping disorder. I can't tell the difference between my waking life and dreams.
Arthur Harrow: The voices in your head... there's chaos in you. Embrace the chaos.
Marc Spector: SHUT! UP!
Steven Grant: Yes? 
Layla: Oh my god, you're alive. What's wrong with you Marc? 
Steven Grant: Why did you call me Marc?
Charles Xavier: Just because someone stumbles and loses their way doesn't mean they're lost forever.
Wong: I don't even want to know!
Wanda Maximoff: Know that they'll be loved.
Wanda Maximoff: You break the rules and become a hero. I do it and I become the enemy. That doesn't seem fair.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I love you. I love you in every universe. It's not that I don't want to care or want someone to care for me. I'm just... 
Dr. Christine Palmer: Scared. Face your fears, Doctor Strange.
Zombie Strange: This time it's gonna take more than killing me to kill me!
Dr. Stephen Strange: Your children aren't real, you created them by magic. 
Scarlet Witch: That's what every mother does.
Baron Mordo: I always knew this day would come, because you always knew this day would come
Scarlet Witch: I'm not a monster.
Dr. Nic West: The best surgeon and the best superhero. But you still didn't get the girl.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dreams are windows into the lives of our multiversal selves.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Are you happy? 
Wong: That's an... interesting question. Sometimes I do wonder about my other lives. But I'm still grateful of this one. Even with its own tribulations.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Wanda, you are justifiably angry. You had to make terrible sacrifices. 
Scarlet Witch: I blew a hole through the head of the man I loved. And it meant nothing. Do not speak to me of sacrifice, Stephen Strange.
Clea: Doctor Strange. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Can I help you? 
Clea: You caused an incursion, and we're gonna fix it. 
Clea: Unless you're afraid. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Not in the least.
Reed Richards: The building's been breached. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No shit, genius!
Dr. Stephen Strange: Did we just turn into paint in one universe? 
America Chavez: Yeah. You do not wanna get stuck in there. It's really hard to eat.
Dr. Christine Palmer: There is no living Strange left for you to dreamwalk! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who said they had to be living?
Pizzaball Vendor: It's over!
Charles Xavier: We should tell him the truth.
Wong: The Scarlett Witch is a being of unfathomable magic. She can re-write Reality as she chooses, and is prophesied to either rule or annihilate the cosmos.
America Chavez: So the person you went to ask for help, and told exactly where I am, is the person trying to kill me?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Wanda. What do you know about the Multiverse? 
Wanda Maximoff: The Multiverse. Viz had his theories. He believed it was real. And dangerous. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: He was right about both.
Baron Mordo: Stephen Strange, the Illuminati will see you now.
Sinister Strange: Here's the deal:  I'll give you my Darkhold, if you'll give me your Christine! 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I don't think she's going to go for it. 
Sinister Strange: No... didn't think so!
Scarlet Witch: Dreamwalking, you hypocrite!
Sinister Strange: Things just got out of hand!
Reed Richards: Black Bolt can tear you to pieces with one whisper from his mouth. 
Wanda Maximoff: What mouth?
Wanda Maximoff: What if you brought America here? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Here? 
Wanda Maximoff: Yeah. I know what it's like. To be on your own, hunted for abilities you never wanted. I can protect her. 
Wanda Maximoff: You never told me her name, did you? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No. No, I didn't.
Captain Carter: I can do this all day!
Scarlet Witch: You have no idea just how reasonable I've been. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Right. Book of the damned, calling yourself a which, conjuring creatures to abduct a kid. I don't exactly call that being reasonable. 
Scarlet Witch: Send those creature after her instead of myself was mercy. And in spite of your hypocrisies and insults I have begged you to safely get out of my way. You have exhausted my patience. But I do hope you understand. That even now. What's about to happen. This is me, being reasonable.
Black Bolt: I'm sorry.
Reed Richards: Wanda, please. I have children of my own, I understand your pain. 
Wanda Maximoff: Is their mother still alive? 
Reed Richards: Yes. 
Wanda Maximoff: Good. Then there will be someone left to raise them.
Dr. Christine Palmer: Face your fears, Dr. Strange.
Dr. Christine Palmer: It was never gonna work out between us. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Why not? 
Dr. Christine Palmer: Because Stephen... You have to be the one holding the knife. And I always respected you for it, but I couldn't love you for it. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: How long have you had that one in the barrel? 
Dr. Christine Palmer: Long time. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah, I bet.
Defender Strange: In the grand calculus of the universe, your life is worth less than the millions still living.
Dr. Nic West: I was blipped, and when I came back my cats were gone. So was my brother.
Sinister Strange: You ever had that dream when you're falling, as if you've been pushed off a tall building? 
Sinister Strange: That was probably me.
Wong: Sorcerers, fortify your minds!
Sinister Strange: Stop where you are. How did you get here? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: By accident. 
Sinister Strange: Who are you? What are you? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm just one of us. 
Sinister Strange: From the Multiverse? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: That's right. 
Sinister Strange: Prove it. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: We had a sister. Donna. She, er... she died when we were kids. 
Sinister Strange: How? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: We were playing on a frozen lake... and er... she fell through. I couldn't save her. 
Sinister Strange: Sounds about right. But we don't talk about that, do we? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No, we don't.
Baron Mordo: Blackadar Boltagar. Keeper of the Terrigen Mist. King of the Inhumans. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Blackadar Boltagar. Huh. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Hidigy hidithere.
America Chavez: How much experience do you guys have with the Multiverse? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: We have experience of the Multiverse. Most recently, there was an incident with Spider-Man. 
America Chavez: What man? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Spider-Man. He has the powers of a spider. 
Wong: Hence the name. 
America Chavez: Gross. Does he look like a spider? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No. No, more like a man. 
Wong: Climbs walls, shoots webs. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah. Bingo. 
America Chavez: Out of his butt? 
Wong: No. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: No. Well, maybe, I don't know. Honestly, I hope not.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Trust your power!
Scarlet Witch: They will never know or need to know what I did for them! 
America Chavez: But you will.
Baron Mordo: I think I'm beginning to understand why your Mordo... Didn't like you very much!
America Chavez: Surprised you didn't puke. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: It's not my first weird trip, kid. So, this is New York in the Multiver... 
Dr. Stephen Strange: America Chavez: There it is.
Dr. Stephen Strange: We could use an Avenger. 
Wanda Maximoff: There are other Avengers. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah, but given the choice between the archer with the mohawk and several bug-themed crime fighters, or one of THE most powerful magic wielders on the planet, it's an easy call. Come to Kamar Taj. It'll get you back on a lunch box.
Dr. Stephen Strange: What you are doing is every violation of natural law. And if you take that child's power, she won't survive. 
Wanda Maximoff: I don't relish hurting anyone, Stephen. But she's not a child. She's a supernatural being. Such power could reap havoc on this and other worlds. Her sacrifice would be for the greater good. 
Dr. Stephen Strange: Well then you can kiss the lunchbox goodbye, because that's the kind of excuse our enemies use. 
Wanda Maximoff: Is it the one you use? When you gave Thanos the Time Stone? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: That was war and I did what I had to do. 
Wanda Maximoff: You break the rules and you become the hero. I do it and I become the enemy. That doesn't seem fair.
Captain Marvel: Get the hell out of my universe!
Baron Mordo: I'm sorry Stephen. But I hope you understand that it is not Wanda Maximoff who threatens our reality. It's the two of you. 
America Chavez: What was in that tea? 
Dr. Stephen Strange: You son of a bitch.
Pizzaball Vendor: Pizza Poppa always gets paid!
Dr. Stephen Strange: How did you pay for that? 
America Chavez: It was free. Food's free in most universes, actually. It's weird you guys have to pay for it. 
Pizzaball Vendor: Hey! You didn't pay for that!
Wanda Maximoff: You know, the hex was the easy part. But the lying? Not so much.
Bruno Carrelli: How does it feel? 
Kamala Khan: Cosmic.
Kamala Khan: I'm a super hero.
Yusuf Khan: Aamir, if you don't stop praying long enough to put some food in your mouth, then one day you'll starve to death. 
Aamir: May Allah Subha'na wa ta'la forgive you one day.
Gorr the God Butcher: The only ones who gods care about is themselves. So, this is my vow:  all gods will die.
Peter Quill: Remember what I told you. If you ever feel lost, just look into the eyes of the people that you love. 
Peter Quill: Not me! 
Thor: What? Just listening.
Gorr the God Butcher: You are not like the other gods I've killed. 
Thor: 'Cause I have something worth fighting for.
Thor: These hands were once used for battle. Now they're but humble tools for peace. I need to figure out exactly who I am. I want to choose my own path, live in the moment. My superhero-ing days are over.
Zeus: Let see who you are. I take off your disguise... and flick! 
Korg: Ohh! 
Thor: You flicked too hard, damn it! 
Jane Foster: Should we help him? 
Valkyrie: I mean, eventually. Grape?
